most people are having a better life and thus live longer.
it's dangerous for fish likes cats
black is not a word to describe one's lifestyle, but green is
there is usually a mirror in the bathroom
a phone can make calls while a banana cannot
babies does not have claws but nails.
cats need taurine from fish
george washington died many years ago, while many clowns were alive yesterday.
a teacher is not trained or qualified to repair automobiles.
humans marry humans and not animals.
liquor usually makes people dizzy and stupid
a person cannot talk a dog
neptune is much too far away to go on a date.
the oven is not edible.
gravity is as big as everyone
santa claus does not exist in reality
the lion is stronger than the cat.
dogs cannot play golf
people eat food, but not food eats people
humans don't have tails
truck usually have got specific parking lots for them
shoes are used only as footwear
what recorded in the diary is not a future event
dim light is not suitable for reading
cow is much bigger then a chair
no music can destroy human's body
water can not afford power to telephones
there usually aren't kitchen tables in public places.
ovens do not wash dishes.
my friend peter speaks italian and greek.
because of the strong sunlight, people can not see stats in the daytime
god doesn't exist actually
there is no tennis court in sports stores
fire is not food item
an oven is not suitable for washing dishes.
to maintain one's reputation he should use his real name in charity
sport is not a place to land.
cancer causes death not smoking
stars can be only seen in cloudless dark night
health can't be bought
there aren't aliens in the world.
hot pot is not served as fast food
oven is a cooking device and cannot be used to watch tv show
it is impossible to play a cd on a record player.
a printer cannot print a laptop
the poor cannot earn as much money as the wealthy, so they are not required to pay that much taxes.
a cattle can be strong but not splendid
buttons are on shirts but not on chickens
you cannot access a supermarket in a car.
you wouldn't drink a glass of mud
children do not fight battle.
when angry a person might not react rationally and if the sensitive subject is brought up the anger may escalte for no good reason.
a snake cannot be used to bind things
uphill is sloping upwards.
the cook's job is to cook not healing
soy sauce is liquid and cannot be carved
customers will be less triggered to buy a phone that lacks of innovation
planes are made for air travel, not sea travel
nobody sets a toilet for dinner.
roosters cannot produce eggs
people can't eat books.
people prefer to watch good plays
the temperature of the sun is very high
you can go to a police station to report a crime not for shopping
movies are watched with the eyes.
most people consider sunny day a pleasant thing
a hat is worn on the head
darker clouds is a forecast of rain
soup is not a piece of clothing.
mouse can't be used to listen to music without a receiver.
no one can eat the plate
table do not have space to live
dancing does't help his  programming job.
sandpaper will damage the surface of the table
giraffes live at the zoo, not the botanical garden
when sleeping, you should spread out the quilt instead of folding it up.
bird hasn't the ability of a hunter
you can only make appointments for future events
kidney beans are no part of a cappuccino
people use their ears to hear
you can't write with a carrot.
outdated equipment is useless
fire will give out warmth instead of absorbing warmth
blue is not a natural color for healthy lips.
a person cannot throw a lion and animals are not used in football.
minecraft is a virtual game
game handles can not play any sound
shoe cannot depict time
a person can never get young again as he cannot turn back the clock.
water will short circuit the computer.
chicken is an animal that doesn't need to wear shoes
diesel engines need diesel fuel to run.
people avoid doing things they dislike so if they like play frisbee they do that sport
chairs can't walk
a satisfying job makes people happy, not sad
people in the movie can't interact with the audience
stone does not control the vcr
there is not salt contained in sand
bamboo is living on the land
low-calorie food provides less energy to people
the ground of the parking lot cannot produce reflections
sheila is a human being that have no tail
it is too heavy
there's no gravity in the space
it takes at least two people to have a conversation.
leaves don't bring enough nutrition to squirrels in winter
no sale of chairs in the electronics store
there is no wilderness at the mall.
swimming in the ocean is too dangerous for the boy.
people don't eat with their feet
the police exist to stop crime
no one wants to lit beds on fire
you can not be in death and still breathing.
according to oxford, the correct form is potatoes
it is only when one person has a good feeling that he is willing to continue to get along with another person
the person being praised should be the one who did the good thing
tigers can't fly
summer is too hot for snowing
the reef is already in the ocean
no one can eat a telephone
wood is not edible by human beings.
rabbits are too small for you to ride on.
the glass will be fogged up in warmer places
people use a blender in the kitchen.
a circle has no corners.
airport within the city won't cost a month to reach
workers will be paid after working
8-year-old children cannot buy cigarettes.
failure to comply with traffic regulations may lead to traffic accidents
humans can not be planted
you cannot wear a car.
no one will keep his toothbrush in a backyeard.
bears inhabit land areas whereas fish are in the water
sharks cannot have purposes because they cannot think
man is a social animal and needs friends
water can exist in vacuum
submarines should move in the water but not sky
there's usually nothing else in the stone let alone a fox
the mineral water is not sticky and the bubbles will burst soon.
chopsticks are not designed for liquid
food is normally found in supermarkets
eating does not make you smarter.
the toothbrush is too small to comb your hair.
barber cannot help shorten coat
people are afraid of the tiger at most situation.
wind can't be controlled by human beings
the height of the cliff is much more than the limit of one's strength
apples are fruits
laughing loudly will bother other people.
fire can sent out heat
children grow taller when they grow up
dogs cant use phones
toilet isn't a place for learning
the bedroom is a place to sleep, not to fly a kite.
leather belt is used for dressing
there are no planes at the railway station
planes have engines that make them fly much higher than a kite.
the correct growing conditions don't exist on mars
a scarf cannot protect people from the rain
no one can be excited after staying up
a man does not fit in a microwave.
the human can't eat wood
people cannot walk through a wall
horses do not have wings and cannot fly.
checking livers requires special equipment that cannot be found in airport
no one eats leather
people are not pets
cakes are too soft to be a seat
singing to your children would make them want to sing more instead of reading.
mountain is too large to be put in kennels
dinosaurs are extinct.
it is too cold to eat ice cream in winter
an office is an inanimate object.
the teacher at football class doesn't teach people to play the piano
a ham is food and cannot sell anything.
there is more water on earth than land.
only females menstruate
restaurant is a place to eat. bath needs to go to bathroom.
it's against traffic rules to drive after drinking
the intestine is not in the spinal cord
boys are referred as he.
no one builds a house in another house.
you cannot lead a project if you do nothing to contribute to it.
no one can be alive in the fridge
no one use groves to protect their hands.
hospitals are for curing diseases instead of having meals
the moon is too far away across space to smell.
grocery shop does not sell a car.
you cannot get stuck inside of a fruit, but traffic jams are likely during a commute.
a lion is much bigger in the  bottle
the lotus is a kind of aquatic plant so it grows in the water
battlefield is dangerous
continuing to work will make you even more stressful.
low and heavy cloud will bring rain and storm
cement column is so hard
nests on the ground will be easily damaged
horses don't have gas tanks.
oil is not drinkable
rain can absorb pollution
crying is a natural response to being sad and many people cry when they are sad to express the feeling.
if one don't know how to solve a problem, they cannot answer it
there are other ways to know a book like listening to storytelling.
a turtle is not fast.
ants are too small
the library is a place where people read and study and parties are not allowed in it
students usually have a fixed schedule when taking courses in traditional classrooms.
fathers cannot pregnant up to now
tall guys can usually play basketball better
languages are very difficult to muster, especially when you are old
salesmen do not work at school
drinking can destroy people's bodies
people get dirty if they don't bathe for a long time
it is time to study when you are young
no one eat volleyballs
water does not smell
we don't wear umbrellas
the act of whistling is only used in informal cases
the moon isn't a planet of the sun..
crutches are tools that help people to walk
a security guard won't let anyone who's behaving strangely pass easily
it is not feasible to take a vacation to a distant galaxy.
a spider is miniscule in comparison to a xbox 360 controller
it is immoral to put a living creature in to a cooking device.
no high-speed trains can be driven off the ground
chains are too heavy for shoes.
animals do not have chloroplasts
fish do not have feet
strikes sometimes paralyze many living facilities
green apples exist.
wearing slippers can do great harm to your feet.
wool is too soft to be made into houses
clouds can't be used to generate electricity and windmills don't use clouds either.
anemones live in salt water such as the ocean, not fresh water
big houses usually are too expensive for the poor
beverages are liquid and bread is not
electric fan cannot be used in painting.
people do not towel after they leave the library
a plane is way faster than a car.
peace pigeons symbolizes peace
mark twain is a writer.
no one takes a vote every time once he has a meal
plane is faster than train
there is no use for a store to buy rotten milk
furniture stores do not sell bread
a blow dryer cannot produce water
dogs don't walk humans.
i'm a human, and chickens do not eat humans for food
the boat is a mean of transportation that does not work on land
water does not contain iron
it's impossible to put a car in a coat pocket.
school is a place to learn
beef is not a kind of fruits
it is illegal to smuggle drugs
leg has no brain and it can't think as own
a drop of water belongs to the river, instead of the opposite
human can't eat stones
in normal, words can not show scenes exactly
mayonnaise is a condiment
raccoons don't slither.
cars don't work in the ocean.
farmers do not teach lessons.
people only use the calculator to get an answer when they have a question
the snowy winter is very cold and short sleeves are not enough to keep out the cold
you cannot eat a lion
a hairdresser does not work with teeth
coffee is drinkable and a glass is an object that cannot be consumed.
generally, teachers like students who turn in homework in time
iron is too hard to even be bent by an unarmed human
the content of a bad book can't give us a good message to improve ourselves.
it's very hot to wear cotton jacketa in summer.
people don't need to see things clearly when they are sleep
"hello" is used when people meet each other
a restaurant does not have a tennis court.
using an umbrella on a rainy day can keep your body dry
fish does not live in cooker
the first thing you do when you teach other people is telling
phones will be broken if people wash them
millions of deaths is not a good consequence
plates are dishes which are cleaned by dishwashers while washing machines are for clothes.
materialists believe that there is no god in the world
you do not bite the computer.
umbrellas are not usually used in windy weather.
a chair with a back can relax the back
senators do not have customers.
apples are fruits of an apple tree
iron has a very high melting point
the earth turns from west to east
bread doesn't fit and can't open the door.
trees usually get new leaves in spring
dogs don't have hands to play basketball
people can't go through the wall
the rock-paper-scissors is a game played by at least two people
mummies that are bunnies only have babies that are bunnies.
fossil energy can cause pollution
the stickers can't certify that the postman has paid the fee
you cannot play a song on a table.
shoes go on feet, not in mouths.
you cannot eat glass.
the lead core of an ordinary pencil is fixed in a wooden rod.
hospitals has no tools for repairing cars.
stones can be used  afterwards without keeping in fridge
being in charge of a project doesn't need laziness
an ostrich is a flightless bird.
people should be grateful for the help from others
paint dissolves in water
iron man's wife gave birth to a daughter
bricks are solid not liquid and so cannot be drunk.
a van can't run on a lake
if one is tall enough, he or she should be able to reach the top of the cabinet
a lake is not the right place for skiing
cans are not combustible
the garbage disposal will destroy the leftovers, and he will not be able to save them for later
after washing your hands they are wet not dry and towels are used to typically remove moisture.
meeting friends is a positive experience
a burglar doesn't call before his theft
you don't blow into a piano to play music
bills don't pay for things.
being early is a good thing
everyone has everyone's interests.
it's difficult and umnecoming for people to hug with legs.
usually aeropolane is used to travel in air
chicken can't swim
a sport involves physical activity
when people are old, their hair doesn't have the pigment that makes their hair red
university life is very rich, not limited to sport and recreation.
tyre is not made for containing luggage of the passengers
dogs don't eat grass.
a hippo cannot take pictures or fit into someone's pocket.
some cars are powered with an electrical battery
bathtubs are much smaller than cars.
trees don't bear fruit in winter.
animals don't live in office buildings
there is generally no temperature sensor in the clock
watch is usually no variety but food as variety
cooker is not a vehicle
it is unsanitary to grasp food by hand
mary can't breathe underwater
televisions are non transparent physical objects
tables are too vulnerable to be danced on
fish don't go in the sky.
in the ice cream shop do not sell medicine
headphones can be used to listen to music.
playing the piano is not a way to exercise.
a sandwich is food so if you put it in a toolbox, it will smell bad
he would be more sad if his friends laughed at him
flowers do not grow inside ears.
low scores are frustrating
a maid is a woman hired and working for a family
vet deals with animals
one should not drive when one is tired.
heart attacks rarely occur in people under 60.
the territory of a country is an integral part of the country.
gas fuels car not air
you don't want to kiss someone if you disgust them
it is impossible to cross one's arms over the street.
a ramp is drivable, while a dolphin is not
you can't win people in a lottery
no reason to prick a flower rather than plucking
the deaf can't see anything, including the gestures
burning with different chemicals will produce different colors
studying hard is the reason for getting a high score but not the result
a watch is a timing tool
pandas are not for pets, no individual can keep them in their home
computers are not capable of exercise.
the nose only has the sense of smell
an office is a place of work, not of entertainment
jupiter will not shine
milk is milked by milkers from cows
fish cannot leave the water
the sun is way bigger, hotter, and brighter than a lamp.
the sky cannot be falling.
it's not good for a sick person to eat spicy food
volunteer actions can help young people to gain some working and social experiences.
driving without a license is not allowed by law
the ink is black and can easily dye the water black
no one can carry intangible fortune.
ducks' wings can't fly.
there are many bad books that are poisonous to our mind.
people typically bathe naked.
the principal room can only contain a small number of people
a cup is much too small for a person to sleep in.
a scarf is used in cold weather to keep warm
the moon is not reachable by car.
her house is too big to fit in the washing machine
coffee is not a stimulant and is a beverage.
salt adds saltiness to food so it can be used for seasoning
sun can only be seen during the day
some of the cake should be eaten by the birthday star
lovers always want to stay together
hard work will not lead to graduation difficulties
sounds need a medium to transfer, but there is no such a medium in a vacuum
you can't swim if you're never around water.
air isn't something you can paint
exercise burns calories
the bedroom is for sleeping not for hanging wet clothes.
trees never have blue leaves.
gibraltar is in europe
no one can swim in the mountain
air is invisible.
it would take way too long to cut the grass of a home with a pair of scissors.
boys always don't wear skirts
you can't set water on fire.
playing games consumes energy
the oven won't clean my clothes.
if you like art you need to major in art
sleeping is not a way of exercising
a vegetarian will not eat meat, such as a steak.
a bus has 4 wheels at least.
a ribbon is not firm enough and can only be used as decorations
it is impossible for human to run 2 km in 10 seconds
what is used in the sprint are legs instead of arms
lose isn't a good present for people.
human liver is not an ingredient
stalling usually results in being late
no one can wear a car on his head
the sun falls in the west.
it's very hot in the summer
grass can be cut but a radio should not be cut.
fishing is not a kind of book
corn doesn't grow in water
an oven does not have the ability to contain and boil water alone
calculators are not communication tools
dogs are not fried pan
there is not enough room underground to fly an airplane
monkeys like bananas
flights will not land in metro station
people don't do things that make them miserable
cars are larger than pots and are not something you replant.
printers only prints the paper inside them
people who can't swim may drown
usually bridges are built to connect isolating places
theatre is unmovable.
the earth is much bigger than the moon.
people should work in the company.
museums are places for exhibiting famous paintings and precious artifacts
a salmon can't live where a lion lives
you can do many things with a lathe.
medals cannot be used for locating aircraft
cows are not musical instruments
people do not like things they are not interested in
no one can prepare for yesterday
trees are not a unit of measure
the ink marks on the clothes are difficult to wash off
hair can't feel the temperature of the water
it is difficult to judge a person's age by height
sharks are aquatic animals but not land animals
hospitals are safe because of the doctors, and expertise they specialize in. therefore, they are not dangerous
the kitchen is not suitable for watching tv
blood is an essential part of the human body
the increase of taxes usually dissatisfies the people
you can't play the guitar without strings
washing hair can not resolve the problem that the hair is too long
plastic does not provide energy for humans.
we can't use paper to buy something.
people play video game with their eyes, ears as well as hands
from moon's perspective earth stands still.
people don't have relationships with garbage.
the moon in the water is only its reflection ad cannot be picked up
people do not put kite on coat
toothpaste is not used for painting.
i can't eat a disc.
a pterodactyl is extinct and cannot be driven
cute appearance doesn't prevent weighing
monsters can't appear on trees in real life
you cannot digest staples.
germinated sweet potato have poison
chocolates or nonliving beings and they do not eat
moisturizers irritate the eyes
no sun at night
he can fall asleep to the tv, not on the tv.
the martian air is low in oxygen
a lie can sometimes break
lions are carnivores
football is sporting goods and can't be eaten.
it takes no energy to sleep.
there are bacteria in the river water
cups cannot amplify and record sound.
fire is very hot.
pies are not made with cotton.
breaking one's heart is about emotion
screening calls is a secretary's duty not cleaner's
people think highly of iphones
whole dinosaur are dead years ago
a stove makes water boil
milk promotes sleep and does not refresh people.
no one deposit their's money in the vegetable market
running shoes are necessary for jogging
a soldier cannot be physically spongy
facial cleansers are generally sold in shopping malls.
a dog can not understand a computer
injured leg can't play basketball
coffee contains caffeine which is a stimulant.
eyes fulfill the purpose of view, they are not used for eating
people can't be bought
a library is noted for housing books not criminals.
turkey is a country and chicken is a bird
a helmet is worn on the head.
snakes have no feet to climb over walls
washing machine is used to wash clothes
animals cannot cook their own food.
there is no faucet on a stove for washing dishes.
quilts can get wet when they are used to wipe hair.
an elephant is too big to carry.
the sun doesn't need trees.
smoking is bad for our health, so we should smoke fewer.
a boss hopes that his employees can toe the company line
if you have to give something you should have it, not that you destroy it.
it is impossible to make a planet from tree sticks now.
cold medicines do not stimulate nerves
a duck has only two legs
tigers are carnivores
the rear courtyard is usually built behind the building
washing dishes water is non-toxic to flowers and can reuse water resources.
bricks don't have words
when crossing the street, we should concentrate on the road but not our phones
internet cafe is the place for playing computer games
the students should listen to the teacher carefully
the bottle is too big for the glasses case.
honey is not the food of squirrels
a spider has eight legs
fish is not suitable for the toaster .
it needs keys to open the locked box
horse can't climb
no one can save the dead.
there's no fish in the desert
ladder is an object to climb up and is not a place
there isn't any alcohol in coke.
the cows live in the cowshed instead of the house
the summit of the himalayas is at 8,000 meters above sea level and is uninhabitable
people can't hear others' mind
no one jumps after a performance.
elephants are not an invention but an animal
we can only listen to sounds with an earphone
the fire is warm
you can't dye your eyes a different color.
working will make people more tired
shopping online saves much time and money.
cars go at a green traffic light.
climbing to the sky is impossible for people
driving without a driver's license is against the law
bidets are not made for sleeping
it's wrong because opponents are in a competitive relationship.
providing id card can prove one's identity
a hippopotamus is too big to fit in the car
coffee keeps people awake
pen is an object to write and does not open door
a dishwashers purpose is too clean dishes and was invented to do so.
the library has no fitness equipment for working out
advertising is designed to attract people to buy products
we don't eat cotton
bicycles don't consume fuel
a bad day would make people feel bad
teachers will never encourage and praise any absence from school.
melted ice, water, is less slippery.
cats are animals and do not require assembly.
the length of hair has nothing to do with the fluctuation of body weight
people do not eat their hands with peanut butter
most plants turn carbon dioxide into oxygen
a key is used to open a door safely
there aren't books sold in clothing shops.
the paper towel is not a dish.
in the summer we feel very hot and want to cool ourselves.
polar bears cannot be used for human transport.
mobile phones emit radiation
salamis has no relation to people
nobody drinks acid
shorts are shorter than trousers
knowledge of english will not let people be unemployed.
people can't walk while sitting.
if you put metal cans in a microwave it will ruin it
objective paintings are about specific things
you can not drive an oven
people cook food to eat
lifetime is really longer than a moment
bacteria have no emotions
cancer is a terrible because it can kill people.
cotton is not edible sugar
my mom, my dad, and me are three people.
cities usually develop better
you cannot blow your nose with a living animal.
sandwiches can`t be placed into an ashtray
baseball players chew guy, not use it to catch baseballs.
stick is blunt.
vegetables contain vitamin c
hospital is a place to treat sick people and not a place to play
checking several times usually lower the error rate in the calculation
food is very necessary for human survival
the islamists regard pigs as gods and do not eat them.
i cannot sit on a cloud as it is made of vapour.
a cup does not fit in the toaster
water is a necessary condition for seed germination
space is not suitable for human existence
sleep should go to the bedroom, not the swimming pool.
there is no reason cleaning your monitor would cut your fingers in any way.
usually there is no need of steering to get refuled
trees need a lot of nutrition to grow
those who betray others will not be respected by others.
people who are full do not want to eat
the headphone is a private music player
monkeys are not qualified to teach human
feeling left out makes a person unhappy
monkeys do not smoke.
planet is bigger than human, so human cannot pick a planet up
crocodiles have no blood sucking function
pizza is usually round.
bees have their own hives to live in.
a napkin is an object, so it cannot pick up or put down the food.
hats do not belong on your feet
a boxer needs to punch in a boxing match to score points and win. a referee makes them punch.
plants have chloroplasts that cats don't
nicotine is a harmful substance that does not exist in fruits.
it's not usual to visit fridges
water can conduct electricity which will lead to dangers
rabbits ecosystem is burrows
usually washing machine can clean only cloths, plates are cleaned in dish washer
hoover does not bake things
a toilet cannot fit in a goldfish
usually pen is thing used to write
there is no museums in hotel
to perform well in the examination he needs to study hard
it's a waste of electricity if you turn on the light when you leave.
it's dangerous to evacuate quickly
you cannot lose and conquer at the same time.
you usually drink at the pub, not before the pub
humans can swim in the water but can not fly in the sky
a cat is an animal, therefore she can't sing
a teacher should not punish students corporally in any way
violins are not a kitchen utensil.
on earth, gravity usually brings objects back down
irrelevant matters have nothing to do with survival.
birds can't read because they're illiterate
there are no bookstores on the moon
alcohol will not quench thirst, it actually dehydrates your body.
computers need professional people to fix them not plumbers
all babies have a mother by blood.
a dog does not know how to email.
no one can walk on the water
the dumpster is too large to take to the trash.
people don't go the moon casually
gold can't be harder than diamonds
defecating in public is uncivilized behavior and no one will encourage it
ears cannot hear heat
you cannot go on vacation on the sun
squares can't roll while circles can.
its not possible for a dog to give a human a bath
no one can drink hair-dye in everymorning.
we don't use fire when we take a shower
it's not suitable to wear a necklace on waist
generally, apples are sweet or sour, but definitely not spicy
building are too tall to jump over
a freezer is too small to fit a human and too cold to be comfortable for sleeping
there is little water in the desert
grocery stores only sell food and household items.
parrot is a bird trained as pets.
everyone on the team needs to take on the work
a car is a vehicle, and a cat is a common household pet
a plane is too big and high to shoot down.
bathing does not increase energy for the body
foot is not use to get food
a giraffe is too big to fit in th house
a fridge is smaller than an elephants
coolness is not exciting
only people can be arrested for crimes.
a glass is much smaller than a pool.
pliers are not a food ingredient.
police don't treat patients.
pages come later have larger page numbers
snowing makes it colder
minecraft graphics are not realistic
wood is not made of tables, it grows from trees.
needle is too small for a haystack, so it is not easy to find it
ships are found only at sea and seaports
the tree is not a human.
drinking too much beer only makes people vomit.
no one sells gloves for eyes
children are easily lost in crowded places of entertainment
people do not normally offer guests knifes
people do not eat food in toilet
usually people visit bank for financial services
vocabulary is the prerequisite for fluent writing and reading english.
socks are designed and sold to people for feet, not ears
taking too much medicine is generally harmful to the body
hair is on our heads so we can't turn to it.
people don't eat glass for dinner or any other daily meals.
americans speak english so the general language used in american tv shows in english, not chinese
its impossible sleep on a fan
lotion cannot protect one from rain
beef is not a kind of sauce
a bag has no life and cannot walk
a library is a building, not something you cook.
spatulas are not edible
it would be dangerous and unusual for a child to play with a shark
sheep usually eat grass
the light can bring brightness
one ant cannot eat a whole pizza.
there may be some koreans who don't like pickles.
people don't eat cotton.
a baby can not have a career.
wood has no respiratory system
people have operation at the clinic not library
only books are available from library for rentals
toilet is not a symbol for remembering someone
photoshop can't change the colors in the real world
scoring goals means your team can win the game
radio's are only for listening.
food don't eat which is always eaten
butcher do not prescribe medicine
if people walk barefoot they are fragile to sharp things
because of the reflection of the light, the sea is blue but not red
milk cannot be eaten, while it can only be consumed
swimming is not a kind of art
sunglasses can prevent sunlight from entering your eyes
queen elizabeth ii is a queen at present therefore cannot be a king that is a male ruler
league of legends is a video game running on the computer
there is no wisdom on the platform.
people cannot buy books from swimming pool.
parents are always happy to see their children get good grades
it will pollute the marine environment if people throw rubbish into the sea.
a car is much bigger than a backpack
potatoes can only grow in the earth.
a tree cannot shoot an animal because a tree is not a weapon.
breathing is the action of bringing in oxygen and flushing out carbon dioxide.
elephants cannot be used to open car doors.
the sun sets at night.
lion is not a vehicle
mobile phone is not a living place
a life buoy cannot damage the titanic
eating in class is a violation of classroom discipline.
although they are both identically sized pieces of paper a $100 bill still has more monetary value.
lip balm is designed especially for lip , but not scalp
cats don't eat apples.
a nap can't make you full
cap is not a protective hat to avoid injuries to head
being fair in law enforcement is the responsibility of judges
restaurant is a place that offers food
people don't drink pennies, nor do they drink solids.
a fridge is used for only for cooling food items.
lions have no wings
when umbrellas are folded they don't provide shelter from the rain
people do not keep knowledge in the restaurant
crying is not a form of exercise.
a walrus is an animal and cannot be worn.
cream does not contain substances that protect against ultraviolet rays.
a newspaper can be read but a sock cannot be read.
police station is not a place to sell things
people do not barbecue in toilets
slippers are too informal for weddings
no one uses a mat of iron
ice does not produce the fire needed to light the grill.
a colander will not float in the sea.
children don't create microscopes and microscopes are not created at the beach.
the queen bee does not produce nectar.
the courier is not a delivery profession.
people buy rather than sell candles for birthdays.
dinner is eaten in the evening, not the morning.
growing up is the law of nature
fish does not have legs and cannot walk
man cannot live in the ocean
birds don't hunt dogs
ink does harm to people's health.
an air-raid shelter reinforces against bombing
people don't cry when they are happy.
the school isn't far enough to go by rocket
policemen arrest thieves, so they don't steal valuable paintings.
a class does not need to be passed
baseball game requires two teams to take turns offensive and defensive
there is no hair on teeth
people won't go to a singer's concert because they dislike this singer
opening the heater will make the room even hotter
it's dangerous to leave the door open
polluted water is harmful to human
a house is much larger than a purse.
offering a tv is not the obligation for a restaurant
no one uses trash to put on makeup.
cooking isn't allowed in any library.
eagles do not go into bodies of water
meeting the company's requirements can't be a reason to dismiss employees
charcoal can get your hands dirty
nails are not a food.
rings are made of metal.
bottles are not design to write with them
people do need to try out products when they are shopping
couples will break up if they divorce
a banana peel is too small for a person to sleep on
a table is much larger then dishes.
mountains are too big to mail.
people can only swim through liquids.
usually we call people logger who cuts trees for different purpose
football is used to kick in the goal while monkey is an animal.
an elephant is much bigger than a car
the arctic receives less sunlight, so it's colder.
magma has high temperature
some green oranges are very sour
nothing is sale in a garage.
detergent is too harsh for face
a book is made up of a lot of information rather than a piece of information
stone is incapable of swimming
people always long for themselves to live longer
cats are too big for mice to eat
horse doesn't live in the ocean.
hamburger is not a suitable gift in formal occasions
no one can be sure to succeed even they work really hard
hybrid cars use electricity in the city and they pollute less than gasoline does
ice cubes can't produce heat
you don't need to feel pressure when you finish your work
only fruits and leaves grow on trees
the sky can never be green in color
vinegar makes the food more sour, not saltier
a gym is a place for sports and there are no animals.
there is no need to be afraid of delicious food
food does not get you drunk.
the sun moves from east to west in a day slowly
the boiling point for water is empirically hot
normal people do not collect monkey.
meet has nothing to do with meat.
an astronaut can't do my taxes, they're in space
motor cycle couldn't exceed sound speed
single people is not allowed to buy a aerliner
people with heart disease are not allowed to ride roller coasters.
a kindergarten is where kids go to school, not a place for camping
people do not do experiments in the library
monkeys are not smart enough
a pen can hold ink but ink cannot hold a pen
it will cost lots of time to read long articles
you cannot drive to the moon in a car.
excessive obese people are at risk for type 2 diabetes, sleep apnea, and heart disease.
people don't visit those they distrust
cars are not edible.
"talk big" is to say someone brags, not talking something important
fish can't fly
an artist usually cannot treat teeth disease
a car is much heavier than a kid.
spirit is not a kind of sound
reading books when walking is dangerous
there is no railway between china and america.
buying bottle water will not solve the air quality problem
playing a lot can't improve his handwriting
plumbing profession is not related to film making and the person who make film is called director
you need to be eating vegetables to be healthy, so you need to get them, not give
you can't make an apple using pies
lipsticks are cosmetics and men usually don't wear makeup
the steering wheel controls the direction of the car
cars are not sold in cafeterias
a kilogram of iron is the same weight as a kilogram of cotton
shoes does not have a clock
losing weight when too thin is unhealthy
hospital cannot help people to curl hair, hairdresser can
an aching tooth inhibits chewing
nobody plants seeds for an oil change.
a man's character does not depend on his appearance.
bowing is a basic etiquette in japan, not high-fiving
usually the teacher helps us to correct our homework
the chef should cook the chicken soup after the ingredients are in the pot.
a painted chair needs some time to dry
she can not wear her car
the santa maria, the pinta, and the nina are sailing ships, while the toyota, the pontiac, and the mazda are cars.
the heat would melt the snow.
rock-and-roll is too noisy to make people asleep
banks are not something that can be lost through exercise.
there's no black snow in the world
cars pollute the air
you cant wear cats.
flour can be used to make food but not protect the skin, and facial mask can protect the skin
people have a good memory when they are sober
putting on his coat usually makes he feel hotter
pork and turkey are not the same kind of meat
the baton is used to direct the orchestra
the sun rises in the east.
the earth is larger than the moon so it's gravity influences the moon more.
parking is an action of stopping one's car
a car cannot balance with two wheels.
usually forest have very few building or no buildings at all
there are only two tires on a bicycle.
a horse cannot fit in the car
a gate is installed outside of a house
edible oil is used for food and cannot be used as fuel for motorcycles.
people in a good moodvseldom yell at others.
pot cannot create fire
oil does not provide the required ingredients
moderate criticism is fine, but excessive criticism can deprive children of the confidence they deserve.
blue whale is very heavy
emergency lanes should not be occupied on expressways.
almost human named pamela are female
plates are used to contain food
eyeballs cannot be short or curly.
tofu is too soft
the belly of the dragon was smooth.
notes taken in the class record what the teachers said
blankets do not have words that can be read.
books do not typically fit inside of coffee mugs
garbage bags are usually placed in trash cans, not the other way round
the lack of salary and training will weaken his authority and make the mercenary lose loyalty
calculator is a device for mathematical calculation
horses do not hiss.
a person is not a football.
playing games doesn't hydrate us
bill shows the dishes that have been ordered
mobile phones without electricity will only affect their use.
you cannot knit food.
you cannot go for a walk with a car
there are no weeds on the highway
no dog can do the housework.
you can't swim in lava
crocodiles can't fly
there is no such thing as a giraffe racer, and it wouldn't ride a tortoise if there was one
a cows leg isn't usually an entree, for dinner.
humans cannot give birth to other animals.
parents are always vexed to see their children get low marks
it is impossible to dig a hole to china.
people do not eat tables.
a ruler does not leave marks on paper.
noise is not allowed in the library.
a dog cannot be used to driven
generally speaking, parents would like to see their children study well
cookers are tools to cook food
you are able to dress casually at home
without a leash, it is hard to keep a fierce dog from people
dirty clothes won't get clean in the refrigerator
people will feel upset when rejected by others
the leaves contain abscisic acid which makes them fall
some people do not drink wine
tigers are stronger than cats
stone does not absorb water
toothbrushes are for brushing teeth, not for opening locks
people yawn when they feel tired
she can not wear a house.
the movie theater does not give haircuts.
only food can solve famine problem directly
i will have no place to stay if i burn my house
dogs don't have enough knowledge to teach students
trains cannot cross the ocean between china and australia
a dinosaur is not an existing creature anymore
the retinas in normal eyes can distinguish between different colors
interpretive dance is not performed during operas
televisions go on a table, not on a finger.
hardware can't be downloaded
eating a lot of food can make people fatter.
cars will not be sold in convenience stores
bottles are not edible.
you can put shoes in shoebox but not bottles.
a driver cannot drive a broke down car
ghost has no shape
pens are made to be used for writing and are a common writing tool that people use because they are effective.
hotel websites do not provide answers to the exam
bottle is too small
dogs belong to the canidae, while cats belong to the cats
smoking shortens your life and increases the chance of cancer and heart deseases
toilet does not serve eggs
a basketball court does not have water to swim
stone has no energy as energy
water can't provide energy for cars
the local fair is a small story and only important to people who live nearby
there's no egg able to change into a butterfly
black skin is more common among africans, not asians
monk has no hair
not stopping at a stop sign is violating the traffic rules
gasoline hurts flowers
there's no doctor working at the airport
cars are not used to ski
thre is no water on the moon.
bologna is a solid, it cannot be poured like water
fruit can provide essential nutrients to our body
a kite can not fly without wind, so we can fly a kite only on windy days
tigers are too dangerous to ride.
the purpose of hair care products is not to bring people fun
petrol bunk provides petrol for vehicle
people don't eat rocks
a driven car is lager than a hand luggage.
a cheeta can't live under water.
there is no environment suitable for human habitation on the moon
computers are bigger than wallets.
a two-year-old baby can't even take care of himself
people don't receive cards and flowers while they in at a store.
it's impossible for a human voice to pass that far
you can't swim in a pool with sand
a cow is much too large to fit in an aquarium.
people use fire to cook
beer is mainly made of water, but also contains a small bit of alcohol depending on the brand
foxes can't fly in the sky
galaxy is far away
rule of football is not to play by hand.
fridge is not a food item
a desk can not fit in a oven.
football shoes are not suitable to play basketball game
usually the plate  doesn't have holes.
eating breakfast helps us keep healthy.
tissues don't have telephone numbers on them
taking a plane is not necessary for such a short distance as 2 kilometers
people should abide by the rules when visiting museums
water  doesn't have fixed shape
tigers are carnivores.
boat is too large to be stuck in human's throat
inn is a place to live.
the definition of weightlifter is someone who lifts objects of varying mass, without objects (weights) you can not be a weightlifter.
coke is not made from fruit juice.
a cook is a person whose job is to prepare and cook food, so he isn't specially trained to work in a library.
students can't earn money by attending school.
socks are not worn on the head.
if you eat less, you will lose weight
putting rice in your shoes will get rice dirty.
hammers are not food
hospitals are rare in rural areas.
computers are not edible.
victory makes people feel proud
the electric light is a new thing that is invented by human.
a restaurant with bad comments tends to not be good
no one can go forward by sleeping