nowadays, medicine and health care is better than ever so people live longer.
there is no evidence to suggest that , moreover fishes are eaten by cats not vice versa.
a black lifestyle is not a thing.
but they can put make up on in a bathroom
a banana is incapable of cellular communication.
i don't believe babies have claws.
milk is favorite food in cat
george washington is dead.
a teacher's job is to teach and isn't to fix cars.
he cannot marry an animal
alcohol makes you drunk
talking would not make a dog move down the street.
interplanetary travel to neptune isn't possible even for astronauts.
one cannot eat an oven for dinner. they can use it to cook.
gravity is a force and can not be measured by size.
they children can't the parent so gift   the santa claus
cats are smaller than lions
dogs don't play golf.
food can't eat anything.
people don't have tails.
because truck is too big than motorbike.
shoes suitable for feet
no one can predict what will happen in future
you need light to read.
a cow would break a chair.
music is abstract and inherently safe and provides no physical harm
water would short out a telephone.
dogs are usually kept on leashes
ovens do not have water to soak dishes
people speak multiple languages
we can't see stars in the daytime.because they shine in night time only
noone has ever seen god
tennis could be played on a tennis court
fire is not eatable
ovens do not have water to wash dishes.
being a benefactor typically results in a positive impact on a person's reputation.
tiny spores that land in a sport would not grow.
cancer is often caused by smoking.
stars only come out at night time
unfortunately you cannot buy health
there are no aliens anywhere on earth.
hot pot is chinese and there are no fast food chinese places
oven doesn't show recipe
record players only play vinyl records.
you cannot print a laptop.
the poor cannot afford more in taxes.
huge cattle are too big to walk to the top of the hill.
chickens don't have buttons.
you cannot drive a car in a supermarket.
mud is a mixer of sand
battle cannot be done with children.
it is generally better to bring up sensitive subjects when not angry.
a snake will not sit well around a stick
a child would roll backwards if they tried to roll uphill on skates.
a chef means to cook.
you can't carve things on liquid
people will not ordinarily buy a phone that is not innovative
planes are made to fly in the sky
a toilet is for human waste and is not used to eat food off.
roosters are male and do not lay eggs.
a book isn't food,
terrible things cant be loved
the sun produces warmth
shopping is for personal purposes not for official purposes
going to the cinema is a seeing and hearing experience in which you cannot just listen to movies.
after many days of raining everyone will be happy to see that its sunny
to put hat it requires necessary surface
the clouds have no affect on technology.
soup is not something one can wear
it's impossible to listen to music with a mouse.
plates cant be tasted foods to taste
a family cannot live in a table.
dancing is not necessary for programming.
sandpaper would damage the table
botanical gardens do not have animals.
peter would unfold his quilt to sleep with.
hunter means hunting animal or bird
it's impossible to go back in time to make an appointment
in most circumstance coffee beans are grinded to make cappucino.
because to hear something, we have to put radio near the ear not next to the mouth
you eat carrots
outdated equipment is unproductive and inefficient.
campfires are hot so would not keep max cool
a human's lips are not blue.
lions aren't used in football and are usually too big to be thrown.
minecraft is a computer game, not a toy.
game handle is popular only among game lovers
shoe doesn't show time
a person only gets older, and cannot get younger
computers should not be exposed to water.
chicken's have claws for feet and don't need to wear shoes.
you should only use diesel fuel in a diesel engine.
frisbee has nothing in common with football
chair is not use for walk. it is create uncomfortable situation.
satisfactory jobs bring contentment not sadness.
a movie heroine is not able to kiss a movie audience.
you need to use your fingers to control a vcr.
desserts and deserts contain very little sea salt.
bamboo is the stalk therefore it is typically axed or shucked down.
people get fat by taking high calorie food not the low calorie food
the parking lot is not made of water.
sheila is human, therefore she does not have a tail.
a baby doesn't read so wouldn't take a dictionary
space has less gravity.
one person speaking is a monologue not a conversation
squirrels will store acorns for the winter months.
chairs usually do not contain electronics.
a mall is not a place to go hiking.
the ocean is too dangerous
washing your feet is not necessary before eating.
the police catch crminals
that is arson
death does not happens on without breathing
the correct plural form is potatoes
he doesn't invite people he hates to dinner.
the children are praising the parents for something the kids not the parents did
tigers are ground animals that cannot fly.
it does not snow during the summer and thus you cannot make snowballs.
the reef is underneath the water, so you can't fall up.
telephones are not food.
humans don't eat wood.
rabbits are to small to ride
her eyeglasses should have already fogged up in the sauna
mantles are not an ideal surface to place a blender, as they are typically found within a kitchen.
circles do not have corners.
you just need hours to get to the airport.
this statement is against common sense because most people work to earn money.
a 8 year old can not buy a packet of cigarettes because its against the law
you will get in trouble if you don't obey traffic regulations.
humans cannot be planted in the ground.
car is not a pant
it's not possible to pack personal items in a backyard.
fishing rods are too small and flimsy to hold a bear.
a shark is a fish in the ocean.
most people rely on friends.
water is liquid and can not absorb air
submarines can not operate outside of the water
a stone cannot accommodate a fox.
blow bubbles cannot be used to mineral water.
the chopstick is used for take food and eat . the coke an drink
the hardware store is for tools
eating doesn't feed smartness into your brain, it makes you fat.
a toothbrush is not effective for brushing hair.
a barber specializes in male grooming and nothing else.
it would be incredibly dangerous to hold a tiger.
it is impossible for humans to adjust wind speed
you can only jump off and down to the cliff
if jim doesn't like fruit he won't eat an apple
laughing loudly in public places is rude
fire emits heat
children grow taller with age.
a tail makes no sound when it wags.
toilet is for evacuating bodily waste
kites cannot be flown indoors.
seat belts are used in cars, not leather belts.
a plane needs a very large, open air strip to land at it's destination.
a plane flies to great heights which cannot be reached by a kite.
nothing is grown on mars.
a scarf does not protect from rain and thus serves no purpose in the rain.
staying up makes one tired.
microwave is an appliance and can't be used for sitting
wood is not a cake ingredient.
you can't walk in from a wall.
hoeses can't fly.
livers cannot be checked in the airport.
leather is inedible.
we cannot work as a pet.
party guests don't sit on the cake.
singing has to do with speaking and listening, which is a different form of communication than reading.
montains do not fit in a kennels
dinosaurs are extinct.
more people eat ice cream in hot weather.
the office is a building
football is an athletic endeavor, not a musical one.
ham is not a store to buy
earth's surface is more water than land.
boys do not menstruate
a restaurant doesn't have a shower and soap to take a bath
you should not drive after drinking.
the intestine is an organ in the abdomen.
the pronoun she, refers to a female.
a house stable is not a real thing and it is not in a manor house.
the person who is in charge of it should lead the project.
a fridge is not a place that can be lived in.
groves are not clothing
you do not go to the hospital to have a meal.
the moon is too far away to smell.
grocery stores do not sell cars
peach is a character not the way.
lion is not a water
the lotus is only a water plant
you need to get off the battlefield quickly if you want to be safe.
you should take a nap if you feel tired and stressed.
heavy clouds indicate rain.
a cement column is too strong to break.
birds build nests high up on trees
a horse does not run on gas.
oil cannot quench thirst like water, it does not hydrate
rain lessens pollution.
people cry for many different reasons, not only when they are angry
you must know the answer to solve a problem.
it is impossible to know the entirety of a book without actually reading it.
a turtle can never be fast.
ants can build anthill not houses.
a library is a quiet place to study.
we have to adhere to strict rules in traditional classrooms.
because men cannot give birth to babies.
tall people have an advantage in basketball.
languages can't be quickly learned.
a salesman  does not have any work in a class.
human health is not benefited by drinking.
a person who has not showered for a week can only be dirty.
children should stay with books
people do not eat volleyballs
water is odorless
umbrellas keep you dry not warm
a whistle is not used in formal situations unless, possibly, to get someones attention.
the moon revolves/orbits earth.
crutches are used for standing
sneaky behavior would get you stopped by security
a distant galaxy cannot be reached for casual travel.
a spider can  not play the xbox 360 with 4 controllers because it has 8 legs
you don't put monkies in the oven.
there is no train rail that goes to the moon.
chains are too heavy for shoes.
only plant can do photosynthesis.
a fish swims in water.
strikes are not convenient
a lot of apples are green.
slippers are not fit for other than walking
because their is no holloblocks in the past
windmills use the power of winds to generate power
anemones are salt water creatures and would not survive in fresh water.
you need money to purchase a house.
bread is a food, not a drink.
a electric fan is put on a plain surface and is likely to ruin a painting.
a library is not a place where one would get wet.
cars are slower than planes.
peace pigeons are not symbols of war.
mark twain was a writer and not a scientist.
you wouldn't be voting when sick unless its election day.
a plane is usually faster than a train
no one buys or sells rotten milk.
bread could be found only in bakeries
hair dryer can not clean clothes.
the dog cannot took the girl for walk.
a chicken cannot eat humans.
the boat can not be used to cross the street.
iron cannot be smelted from water.
a car can't fit in your pocket.
school is a place where we cannot drink.
fruits come from plants and beef comes from a cow.
smuggling drugs will be commended
the leg does not think.
a river is larger than a drop of water
stones are not made to eat
words do not move, you have to read and interpret them using your own imagination.
mayonnaise is a dish
raccoons walk.
you drive cars on roads
farmers don't teach
calculator gives answer of your questions not question
winter includes very cold temperatures so a short sleeve would not provide enough protection.
lions are not used to make sandwiches or eaten by humans
hairdressers are not dentists
glass cannot be ingested.
teachers like it when students turn in the work every day.
you need something stronger than your bare hands to break something like an iron board.
bad books do not help with self-improvement.
we wear loose clothes like shirts,t-shirts in summer not jackets.
people take off their glasses when they sleep.
when you leave, you do not say hello.
you don't play tennis at a restaurant.
if you don't want to get wet when it rains you need an umbrella.
live fish can't be caught in cookers
teaching means share our knowledge so we should open our mouth
water would destroy the phone
excellent policies don't cause people to die.
washing machine washes only clothes
materialists do not believe in god.
computer is a machine
umbrellas are not used as protection from the wind, and the wind could cause them to fly out of a person's hands.
one cannot relax on a chair without a back.
senators are politicians
pear trees can only grow pears.
a baking machine does not get hot enough to melt iron.
sun sets in the west
bread is bigger than a keyhole
autumn is the season when leaves fall off trees and not spring.
dogs don't have hands to hold a basketball.
no one will built a wall in the entrance of the house
rock-paper-scissors is a game of more than one people.
the animals produce or are produced by their own kind, not a different kind of animal.
fossil energy is wasteful.
stickers are not necessary to send letters.
the table can't play music
shoes are not meant for consumption and generally do not taste good, therefore there is no reason to put them in one's mouth.
glass of water cannot be ate.
ordinary pencils already have maximum amount of led that it can contain.
the hospital does not repair cars.
stones do not require refrigeration.
usually who is responsible is not lazy
ostriches cannot fly.
no one gets angry for helping them
portrait painting cannot done on water.
iron man has always been a man
bricks are not made of liquid
vans are not made to drive in deep water.
reaching the cabinet while being tall is what you want.
only water skiing is done in the lake.
cans do not burn in fire.
saved items are not put in the garbage, disposable items are
washing your hands makes them wet.
playing with friends brings people happiness.
burglers will not call up and break into any house
a piano is played with fingers and is not a wind instrument that can be blown into.
a bill is not used to pay for lunch.
being early does not cause trouble with appointments.
twins do not need to have the same interests because they are two differed individuals who think and act differently.
people hug with their arms not legs
aeroplane is not an automobile that you use to travel on road.
chickens are found in farms and not ponds.
lying is not a sport, but a attitude
hair generally turns grey, not red, when one ages.
sports are an addition to university life
you can not store things in a tyre
dogs do not get nutrition from grass.
hippos don't fit in pockets.
combustion engine is dangerous so car can not keep it.
a car is too big to fit in a bathtub
the winter is too cold for fruit to be able to grow.
office buildings don't normally have animals to visit.
a clock is used to only tell time.
one does not eat a watch.
a cooker is not transportation.
pack food comes in tupperwear, bags, carriers, etc. not hands.
staying in salt water for ten days would most likely kill mary.
this would make it impossible to watch if it was transparent.
it is dangerous to dance on tables.
fish can not breathe in the sky.
ice cream parlor don't sell remedio.
headphones are only used for sound.
playing piano is not a strenuous workout
tools belong in a toolbox
my good friend just brokeup with his girl friend and i have been trying to help him
flowers can't grow in your ear
people usually feel unhappy or sad if they do not do well on an exam.
the maid is a member of staff, not a member of the family
a vet does not sell a painting
a car is not a place to sleep.
heart attacks are not that common in japan.
it is impossible to violate the territory of any country,
cars do not use air as fuel.
you kiss someone to show love
arms can not be as wide as a street.
dolphin is not a place to drive the car.
husbands are not given as lottery prizes
a flower cannot be pricked
a blind person doesn't see gestures.
fire can have multiple colors.
if a person gets a high grade he/she studies as usual.
a watch tells us the time, thus why wouldn't we know the time through a watch?
panda is a animal which cannot be used as a pet.
people run on treadmills
the purpose of a nose is not talking.
the office is for working not for recreation.
jupiter is very far from earth.
milk is from cow's body not from milker's body.
fish live in water to survive and without water fish will die.
no manmade object is brighter than the sun, which is a star
the sky is too light to fall
spicy food doed not have the ingredients to  cure cold.
people of all ages should be involved in volunteer activities.
if you drive without a license you will have problems with the police
the water could not remain transparent.
no one can position fortune.
ducks don't have the ability to fly as birds have.
people get to decide what they want to read.
clothes would get wet in a bath.
classes are conducted in the class room
a cup is to small to sleep in.
a scarf insulates the neck during cold weather, so would cause a person to overheat in summer.
the moon is in space.
a house is too large to be inside of a washer.
coffee is not a stimulant found in caffeine.
edible salt is fine for seasoning.
the sun only appears in day not night.
if he is celebrating he should be eating with her not eating it by himself.
you enjoy staying together when you fall in love
examinations are to be passed for graduation
sound would be trapped in a vacuum.
if you lived on an island you would more than likely know how to swim
air is invisible  andcannot be painted
getting more sleep doesn't help with getting fit
the clothes will not dry in the bedroom as it's inside
there is no natural phenomenon where the trees leaves turn from green to blue.
gibraltar is not in the usa
people hike over mountains.
you cannot see air, only what is carried on the air.
scissors use for cloth cutting
boys do not wear skirts, those are for girls
you boil water with a fire
pay exhausts energy sources built up.
ovens do not clean clothes
like art means majored in arts
sleeping is not a form of exercise.
vegetarians do not eat meat.
buses have at least four wheels
ribbons are very weak to climb with
two kilometers cannot be run in ten seconds.
sprinters don't use their arms, but their legs.
you can't give someone a lose
the human liver isn't an ingredient but an organ.
stalling makes a person late, not early.
car is a 4 wheeler vehicle not a cloth.
the only place the sun will ever set is in the west.
it is hot during the summer.
a radio is too hard to cut
fishing cannot be a book.
corn needs firm soil to grow.
an oven can't contain water.
people can use telephone to make telephone calls
dogs are not for putting in a fry pan.
air planes can only fly off the ground and above it.
people should feed monkeys bananas
trains and subway cars use metro stations.
listening music creates a  pleasant  atmosphere.
cars cannot be planted.
one takes the paper out of the printer after it has been printed upon, not before.
you need to be a skilled swimmer to save someone from drowning.
wires are connected through connectors
a move theater is not a real place
the moon orbits around the earth, not the other way around.
company is for working not for making fun.
clothes are cleaned in the laundry
salmon don't exist in a lion's natural habitat.
lathe is a polymer material
medals generally can't detect planes.
a cow is an animal and not a musical instrument
someone would not like a boring thing, they would like an entertaining thing.
we can prepare for trip tomorrow.
trees are so big, so no flag will be that big
it would ruin their clothes.
dip your face in to see how hot the water is
height is not an accurate predictor of a person's age.
sharks are an ocean animal that live in water and, because land is dirt etc and not water, sharks are unable to exist on land.
hospitals are not dangerous
the kitchen is a place to eat food.
blood loss is life threatening and easily fatal.
no one is ever happy about taxes being raised
guitar sounds are not made by cutting short strings
washing is done to remove dirt
plastic is not an eatable item
you cannot use paper to make a purchase
pure white which sounds beautiful does not belong to the video game.
the earth orbits the sun, not the moon
garbage is a non living thing
monkeys cannot pick up the moon.
a coat does not have a kite in it.
toothpaste is nto used to paint hosues
a video game is not food
pterodactyl cannot start and drove away.
weighing something has nothing to do with how it looks
monsters do not exist
staples are for staplers
germinated potatoes are poisiones
chocolates are an inanimate object.
moisturizers are made to hydrate your skin, but can burn if they get into your eyes.
sun are not visible at night
tv is not a sleeping platform
there is not enough oxygen in martian air to sustain human life.
lying can be easily found by others
lions eat meat
footballs are not edible.
sleeping isn't exercise
it's not healthier than well or treated water.
cup is a device that cannot be used in the interview.
fire emits heat
cotton is inedible.
when someone falls they can land on different parts of their body and the heart is protected by the sternum/rib cage so the heart would generally be protected but maybe not the bones.
cleaners clean rooms they do not screen calls
iphone does not make you loser.
dinosaurs have been extinct for hundreds of millions of years.
stove's are used to make water hotter, ergo they cannot turn to ice in a stove.
milk does not have caffeine
banks are where you deposit money
before jogging we put on running shoes.
soldiers are not spongy.
facial cleanser can be bought in many stores, but not from behind a pharmacy counter.
dogs cannot play computer.
when the leg hurts ,it is not possible to play.
coffee is a stimulant used to increase alertness, so people don't drink it to sleep.
eyes cannot chew food
people are not things to be bought
library for reading books
chicken is not a place a person can visit.
a helmet is for your head not your knees.
a snake does not turn over a wall.
washing machine was used to wash cloths only
animals rely on others for their food, they don't have capabilities like plants to make their own food.
dishes are washed in a sink but not on a stove
a quilt is too large to be used as a towel and it is not designed to soak up water and then dry.
elephants are to heavy to carry.
a sun is a non living thing which cannot grow.
smoke more will harmful to health
a boss will be angry when an employee is late for work.
you cannot give something that has been destroyed
you cannot make a planet with sticks
cold medicines are not strong enough to cause hallucinations.
tripods have three legs.
vegetable is a thing that cannot eat by the tiger.
courtyard is mostly in front of a bulding
any water can be used to water the flowers.
there aren't stories written on bricks.
looking at a phone won't allow us to see dangers.
most children do not learn linear algebra after skipping school
not listening to teachers in class would lead to failure in exams.
a case for glasses would not be ideal and probably too small to fit a bottle.
squirrel coarse does not eat honey.
spiders have eight legs.
a fish does not belong in a toaster
there is no way to open a locked box directly.
a horse is unable to climb.
a dead person is gone and can't be saved.
there is no where to fish in the desert.
fishes don't live in ladder
alcohol is not in sodas.
cows do not stay inside of houses.
the himalayas it's too cold and has no food
you aren't able to listen to what someone is thinking.
no readon to jump
elephants are the animals which cannot be invented
it is impossible to design a pictures with earphone
ice is cold, not warm
eyes do not die a color
i am tired, so i need to go to sleeping work
shopping online provides you to shop from the comfort of your own home, in the car, at work etc.
a green traffic light means cars go
there is no structure built yet that makes it possible to climb all the way to the sky.
you must have a driving license to drive a car.
bidets cannot be slept in or upon.
opponents are against each other.
id cards give you access to places.
hippos do not fit in cars
its our habit
pen used for write
dishes 100% can be cleaned in a dishwasher
libraries are quiet places where books are commonly read and studied.
advertising is used to market products to increase sales.
people do not eat cotton.
bicycles do not need gasoline.
a bad day makes people sad.
repeated absence from school can cause your grades to decline.
ice becomes water when it is melted
cats are born fully formed to mother cats.
long hair does not effect weight.
hand is not edible.
plants is not a provide carbon dioxide for the human
if a person has the key to a door, they wouldn't need to break it.
clothing shops sell garments.
you cannot wash a paper towel.
air conditioning uses cold air
polar bears are to wild to ride.
watching mobile phones for long hours  damages human health.
comparing a woman to a salami doesn't mean she's beautiful.
drinking sulfurous acid would kill a person so if he did it once he wouldn't be able to do it again.
trousers are ling pants, shorts are shorter in length.
quite the oposite, english will take you anywhere in the world.
people cannot walk when they sit.
popcorn is not a soup in the microwave
objective paintings have obvious things in them.
you can't drive an oven.
food cannot sleep.
a lifetime isn't a factual method of calculating time.
bacteria is an emotionless and too small insect.
cancer is one of the worse diseases
cotton is not sugar
if you are an only child with two parents, you have three members in your family.
people in the countryside are usually poorer.
dogs are pets and not used to blow noses.
ashtray is a place where we cannot put the sandwich.
bubble gum is not used to catch the baseball.
a stick cannot cut through anything
vitamin c comes from vegetables.
hospital for take treatment not for playing
checking calculations several times would make sure they were error-free.
humans will die without food.
islam doesn't eat pork
clouds are in the sky
a cup cannot fit in a toaster.
seeds need water to survive
space is not a place where one can breathe much less live.
you would drown if you went to sleep in a swimming pool.
cleaning a monitor does cause pain to fingers.
steering cannot refill the vehicle.
barren means too poor to produce vegetation.
fellow countrymen are usually patriotic and will not revere you for your betrayal.
people do not want to eat if they are full.
one headphone won't allow you to share with other people.
human acrobatics not teach in monkeys
most people would feel sad instead.
monkeys don't smoke
no one picked up a big planet
crocodiles never suck the blood.
pizza only round shape
bees cannot breathe if they are in the soil.
napkin never put the food
hats do not belong on your feet
if you don't punch in a boxing match you cannot claim to be a boxer
only plants can photosynthesize
there is no nicotine in fruit.
a fridge is not a tourist location
it is not safe to use electrical appliances with wet hands.
rabbits live in the wild
clothes should go into washing machine not plates.
a hoover can not bake
toilets cannot be placed inside goldfish.
pens are stationary objects meant for writing not a piece of furniture
a hotel doesn't not have museums.
playing doesn't help in passing examinations
you would not want to pay to have the light on when you are not there.
earthquakes invoke panic not slowness
to lose we don't conquer your opponent.
you drink at the pub, not before.
humans can't fly
cats are not able to sing and do not give concerts.
students would not like being hurt by their teacher when they are in trouble.
violins are used for music, not food.
the ball weighs too much
irrelevant matters don't matter
birds do not have the ability to learn to read.
we have not established a moon colony yet.
you do not have to  drink alcoholic beverages to quench your thirst.
plumbers did not train to fix computers.
without mother no babies born
dogs are not capable of sending emails.
it is impossible to walk on water.
you cannot lift and transport a dumpster
most people can't travel to the moon.
gold is very soft, while diamonds are the hardest substance known.
you should not defecate in public.
heat does not produce noise.
the sun is too hot and too far to visit
wheels are always available in round
dogs don't give out baths.
hair-dye is inedible.
you cannot burn yourself when taking a shower, you would use while.
a necklace is designed to be worn around the neck, hence the name.
apples have never been described as spicy.
a man is not tall enough to jump over s building.
a man is too big for the freezer.
water is too rare in desert.
dogs are sold in pet shops and astronauts are not for sell.
you do not chop parrots for food.
teammates also want to win independently.
you cannot park a cat, it is an animal.
a person cannot shoot down a plane.
there is no food in a bath
pizza is not a foot food.
giraffe is a wild animal which cannot fir in the house
an elephant is to big to fit in a fridge.
iam not tensed when i was excited
cars can't be arrested.
a glass is too small to jump into.
pliers cannot put in the guacamole.
the police are not able to treat sick people.
continuity happens only after the first page finishes
it has to be below freezing to snow outside.
videogame can not represent reality
tables don't make wood.
a needle is very similar to hay in regards to size, appearance, and weight.
airports do not have water.
trees don't talk and cannot be dated.
beer is a very filling beverage which can suppress a person's appetite.
glasses go on eyes.
it is a parents job to look after their children.
knife is a weapon, not a offering one for guests
toilets do not serve sushi
a bank contains money, not lunch.
english learning is not possible without vocabulary.
your ears are a shape that do not fit a sock.
overdoses are my favorite
hair is on our head
glass of wine cannot be ate by her for dinner.
americans speak english.
people do not sleep on fans
lotion will not keep lily from getting wet in the rain.
beef is a solid food.
a bag has no legs, and so cannot be walked, it must be carried.
library is not a cooking place
spatulas are cooking utensils, not food.
children do not live in the ocean.
sheep is a plant eater.
turning on the light implies that light fills the house, not darkness.
one ant cannot eat a whole pizza.
if membres of the same race like the same stuff wouldn't that make them identical, which is absurd.
cotton is a cellulosic fiber and is not digestable by humans.
babies do  not have careers.
wood does not have lungs, so it is incapable of breathing.
surgeries aren't do in libraries. they're done at hospitals.
you   don't   rent  cars   from  a  library.
no one would suggest the toilet as a proper memento.
photoshop cannot change the color of something in the real world.
supporters were happy to see their team score
radio station only for music not for movie
food doesn't live so it can't eat anything.
butcher's do not prescribe medicine and a puppy cannot be wormed.
walking barefoot over glass would be very painful
sea water is blue.
you drink liquids.
swim will not help in art
sun glasses are worn when the sun shines brightly.
the queen is a woman and can't be king
league of legends can not be played on mobile phones.
a lectern cannot talk.
swimming pool containing only water
good grades are a sign that a student is learning math well, which leads to feelings of happiness and being proud.
throwing rubbish into the sea would ruin the environment
a car is way too big to fit into a backpack.
potatoes grow in the ground.
animal can not be shot with a tree.
humans release carbon dioxide
elephant is not a key to used to get into her car
the sun is not visible at night
a lion is an animal, you cannot drive one.
a mobile phone is not a place.
the titanic sank after striking an iceberg, not a life buoy.
if students eat in class, tables and book would be stained.
$1 bill is more worth than a $100 dollar bill.
your lip balm would taste funny if you used it on your scalp too.
cats do not like apples
only food can reduce hunger
a cap does not offer real protection for the head.
a judge is obligated to follow and uphold the law regardless of their own views and opinions.
there are no hair stylists and hair equipment in a restaurant
pennies are not liquid.
the fridge wont bake a cake
lions do not have wings.
you should open your umbrella when it rains.
restaurants provide food, they are not educational institutions
crying is not exercise
you can put on clothing but not a live animal
to protect skin against sun damage it must contain specific formulas.
socks are for wearing and not reading.
the police station doesn't sell drinks.
toilet is not a place to have barbecue.
slippers aren't worn to weddings.
a mat is soft, and iron is hard.
ice is not flammable.
a colander would sink because of the holes.
giant microscope can't built in the beach.
the queen bee doesn't secret and unable to make honey
the courier did not know the address
people get gifts at their birthdays.
dinner is in the evening only.
children grow up.
fish can not walk
the ocean consist of water bodies
dog is powerful than birds
ink is not safe to drink.
they would go into an air-raid shelter to avoid bombs.
when people are happy they can shed tears but they are happy, not sad, tears of joy.
people do not use rockets to get to school
policeman would not rob a gallery
a class may cover many different subjects.
baseball needs two teams to play
teeth don't have hair.
he wouldn't want to see a singer he dislikes.
heaters make rooms even hotter.
you don't want anyone to come in when you're not at home
people should pollute water resources
houses don't fit in purses
not every restaurant offers tvs
trash is dirty and smells bad.
the library is a place where you can rent books.
birds don't fly in the oceon
if someone succeedes in a task given to him or her, he/she gets promoted
charcoal is used for fire.
nails are not food to be eaten.
linen is not used to make rings.
a bottle has no ink for writing.
you can't try out products when you shop online
you will be single if you divorced your spouse.
banana peel is too small to sleep.
a table can not sit
you can not post mountains, they just are there.
road is not a place to swam by the david.
loggers do not plant trees, they cut them down.
monkeys are not kicked into goals
elephants can't drive
the arctic is covered in icecaps an is not known for being hot.
magma is too hot to wash with
some oranges, especially those that are not completely ripe, are sour instead of sweet.
you don't buy things in a garage
detergent has injurious chemical for face
a book is not a datum
stones sink.
no one wants to die young
mice are smaller than cats and therefore cannot eat them.
horses must live on land
hamburgers do not represent the human race.
working hard can get you success but its not compulsory
because hybrid cars emit less co2
ice cubes can not generate fire.
you should feel relieved after finishing all your work.
money is not a fruit grow on tree
green is the color of grass and leaves
vinegar does not add a salty flavour
animals are not present in a gym.
delicious food does not need to be careful in italy.
food doesn't get you drunk, drinks do.
if can not find the diection of sun because it nature thing
boiling water is the opposite of cold.
monkeys can't be collected.
a kangaroo meet is not something that would be edible.
astronauts don't do other people's taxes.
a motorcycle cannot go the speed of sound.
airliner is not a buying thing
she never rides roller coasters because she has a heart condition suppose she rides rooler coasters means she will face lots of problem like vomit
kindergarten is educational place for kids.
library is not a place to do experiment.
monkey is wild animal.
the ink does not have a pen
this article is so long that i can't read it easily
i cannot drive the car to the moon.
obesity kills people
you don't visit people you don't trust.
a car is too big to eat and it is not food.
we use "talk big" to describe a person brags.
fish don't fly.
artists do not take care of people's teeth.
kid is too young to catch a car.
spirit is a inner mental strength.
walking requires a person's full attention.
china is too far from america to travel by train.
drinking bottled water has nothing to do with air quality
playing will not improve a person's handwriting.
a plumber works on pipes and does not have the ability to direct a film.
giving some vegetables will not make you healthy.
you cannot make apples from pies because they grow from trees.
men usually does not  use lipstick
rotating the steering wheel would turn the car
you can't buy a car at a cafeteria, only food and drink.
a kilo is the same wight no matter what object is being weighed.
shows never shows time
if one is too thin, one needs to gain weight
a hospital is a medical establishment focused only on peoples physical and mental health.
when your teeth ache it is difficult to chew.
planting seeds will not change your oil.
never assume things about someone based on their looks, but take into consideration their personality.
they don't high-five, they bow
principals do not see to homework.
pot is used to cook the food that the chef uses.
you can't sit on a painting
a car is not a wearable item.
toyotas, pontiacs, and mazdas are car names and they did not exist in columbus's time.
it snows in cold weather, not in hot weather.
rock-and-roll would not send a baby to sleep
you can't lose a bank with excercise.
snow is not black.
most cars pollute the air
she does not have cats.
flour is for food and not for faces.
he would forget what happened if he was intoxicated.
wearing clothes retains heat
turkey is not a pork product
a baton is  not used for playing music
the sun rises in the east
the earth revolves around the sun.
getting pulled over implies stopping on the side of the road, but parking does not happen on a road.
a car has only 4 wheels.
a forest is an uninhabited area.
bicycle does not have three tires to be flat.
a horse is too big to put in a car.
gates are for outdoor use
cooking oil cannot be used for motor cycles.
people don't yell when they are happy
a pot has no way of creating a flame to light a candle.
oil cannot be used to water the flowers.
if teachers scold children too much, they would not respond to them.
blue whale is a dangerous marine mammal
if you occupy an emergency lane, you may endanger life.
pamela is not a man's name.
the plate was not used to eat off of yet and would still be clean not dirty like dishes in he sink would be.
eyeballs are spherical, not curly like hair.
tofu is too small to be used for standing.
the belly has no emotional feelings
notes are taken to remember verbal information spoken by another person.
blankets do not contain text .
you don't carry books in mugs
garbage bags go in the trash can
lack of training and salary would likely create feelings of discontent which would not make someone feel more loyal
a calculator does math.
horses neigh.
a human cannot be a football.
playing games is not a fundamental principle of survival.
the waiter gave him a paper to order food
without charging a mobile phone shuts down.
a hot dog cannot be made through knitting.
you drive a car, it isn't walked.
you shouldn't do shoveling on a highway, lawns are made of grass.
dog is not a person
lava is extremely hot liquid
crocodiles are not capable of flying.
there is no such thing as giraffe racer and no one rides on a tortoise
cow legs is not good for cooking
the woman cannot pregnant with a cow.
his mother would be disappointed by his failure.
china is to far to dig a hole to.
tables are not edible.
rulers are used to measure.
library is for reading and studying , quit place , so making noise in library is not allowed
dog is not a vehicle to drive away
he wouldn't be punished for studying well
good is only prepared by a good cook
formal clothes are for special occasions and not for hanging out in your house.
a fierce dog with no leash is a danger to people
dirty clothes are put in a washing machine or a hamper, not in a fridge where your food goes
rejection is not a cheerful or positive experience.
at some point leaves die and fall from a tree
without wine cannot be live
tigers are much larger than cats.
stones are no good for wiping.
toothbrushes don't open doors.
yawning is a common symptom of having sleep and tiredness
house is not wearable.
there is no hairdresser at the movie.
sand is not to eat
you wouldn't light your house for warmth, but rather the fireplace within your home.
students cannot taught by the dogs.
china and australia are separated by ocean
dinosaurs are extinct.
normal people do not have any vision problem
opera is not good for dance
a television won't fit on a finger.
physical objects cannot be downloaded from the internet
eating a lot of food will make you gain weight
cars are not available in convenience stores.
bottle is not eatable
it is not possible to store shoes in a bottle.
a driver cannot drive a broken car.
ghost cannot found like you.
everyone uses pens
hotels is not a place to find answers for exam
mother kangaroo has bag.
catdog was a cartoon
smoking is detrimental to heart and lungs.
toilets wont provide eggs.
basketball court is for playing only not for swimming
stone has no energy.
cars use gasoline as fuel.
national papers don't write about small local items.
butterflies do not come from eggs.
asians aren't usually black, they're lighter.
monks are bald and have no use for a hairstyle.
a green light means you can go.
gasoline would ruin plants.
airports are for travellers
skiing cannot done by a car.
the moon does not have water
bologna is not a liquid
fruits are healthy and contains many good vitamins.
kites need wind to fly.
tigers are not domesticated.
an hair care article is about hair care and hair care products only.
petrol does not produce cash
rocks are not edible items.
a car is to bog to fit in luggage
cheeta can't caught while fishing.
no person live in moon
wallets cannot be used to put computers.
two year olds don't work.
you purchase cards and flowers in stores.
it would be impossible to hear something in another city
sand is basically found in the hilly areas , inside swimming pool one will find only water.
cows cannot swim.
you should make a fire before cooking.
water is made up of hydrogen and oxygen molecules.
sky is a place where a fox cannot be seen.
galaxy is too big to cross by the explorer
in european football, barring a few exceptions, it is illegal to play the ball with your hands.
a fridge is not an edible item, nor is it a food.
there is no reason to cook a desk.
football shoes aren't worn in basketball games.
you can't trap anything in a plate.
breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
a rolodex does not contain tissues.
plane is an object that cannot be used to travel for 2 kilometers.
if it's closed no one is allowed in.
water would make tires heavy, provide almost no suspension, and probably burst as result.
tigers eat meat and not nectar
people don't eat boats.
pens do not contain larger objects
weights are used by weightlifters
coke contains soda and it is made up of pop
unlikely you will find a cook wowrking in the library
attending school is not often motivated solely by a desire to make money.
a sock is to small to go on a head.
you generally lose weight when dieting.
shoes are footwear and does not serve as a dish/container.
hammers are not vegetables.
rural villages typically do not have the resources and skilled staff to run a hospital.
computers are not food.
the team would not feel disappointed, they would be happy because they won
new concepts and theories are classified as discoveries, whereas something like the electric light is an object that was created as a result.
bad comments turn people away from establishments.
sleeping doesn't help one develop intellectually