through research and medical advances, people are living longer than they ever have.
fish live in water
your lifestyle cannot be a color.
people apply make up after washing their face, so the bathroom is the best place to do it.
bananas cannot be used to make phone calls.
babies don't get declawed
cat do not like vegetables, they like fish.
george washington passed away hundreds of years ago.
a mechanic fixes cars.
a person cannot marry an animal.
liquor can only intoxicate people.
talking to dogs doesn't move them great distances
it is currently impossible to travel to neptune
the oven is a kitchen appliance.
gravity pulls the same on everything.
santa claus will provide gifts to all without pretends.
cats are not so stronger than lions so that cat will catch lions.
dogs do not play golf.
hotpot is just a chinese cooking method not any living creature that will eat humans.
no human have tail in back
you can park a motorbike in a parking lot
shoes aren't worn on the hands.
diaries are memories not predictions
to read you will need good lighting and dim lighting would make doing so very difficult
a cow is too big to sit on a chair
people listen to music all the time with out it destroying their bodies.
electricity and water do not work well together.
kitchen tables are not for dogs
ovens do not clean things.
languages are learnable with patience.
we can see stars after the sun goes down and the city lights are low.
you don't have to see or hear a god to believe in god.
the sports store contains only the sports things.
fire is not edible
ovens are not used to wash dishes.
benefactors are recognized to maintain their reputation
sport does not have tiny spores to grow.
smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer
the noon sky would only have the sun out.
you cannot buy health.
extra terrestrials are not real.
can't eat a pot
ovens do not show recipes.
a record player cannot play a compact disc.
a printer is too small to print a laptop
poor people are suffer even to earn little more money.
cattle means cow
chickens do not have buttons
supermarkets are not big enough for cars to drive inside.
it is not usual to fill a glass with mud
that just not make any sense. children don't fight
when we are anger mood sensitive subjects are very hard to read.
he tied the stick with a leaf
you can only roll if you have speed or are going down.
chefs make food they do not cure illness
soy sauce is a liquid material.
if a phone lacks innovation, it won't sell well
planes can not run underwater.
toilet never used for dinner
roosters do not lay eggs every day.
books are not food.
it's an oxymoron. i love it is the opposite of it is terrible. how does one love something because it's terrible?
the sun is not a cold object.
police station does not  have a shopping thing
cinemas have a huge screen to watch movies.
rain is depressing, sun makes people happy
we pu shoes on feet not hat.
these two sentences are totally unrelated
soup is not clothing.
the mouse does not have any kind of speaker to listen to music.
no one eat plates to taste
a table is too small to house a family.
programming is working with numbers, not dancing.
sandpaper would damage the table.
botanical gardens are filled with flower/plants and a giraffe is seen at a zoo which hold animals so one cannot see giraffes in a botanical garden.
when someone goes to bed, he/she unfolds quilt
hunter means a hunting animal or bird
you can only make appointment for the future not for the past
a cappucino  cannot be prepared by grind kidney beans.
to hear the radio more clearly, it should be placed next to his mouth, the organ of hearing, not his mouth.
a carrot is a vegetable
a company makes a lot of money and its outdated the equipment
being close to a campfire would make you warm because fire is hot.
only people who are dead have blue lips.
lions are too large to be thrown.
netball is a sport game and minecraft is a computer game that is not about sports.
game handles don't play music.
shoes do not provide a way to read the time
humans age in a natural process that does not involve re-blooming as flowers may do.
water is not necessary to run a computer.
chickens do not need shoes to walk.
diesel fuel powers a diesel engine
if they like frisbee, it is not a fact that they like football.
a chair isn't alive.
if it was a satisfactory job, he would be happy.
actors in a movie cannot kiss their audience as they are on a screen.
a stone does not have any mechanism to control the vcr.
there's no sea salt in the desert
bamboo is a tree on its own.
only high calories make fat not low calories
asphalt and concrete, the typical materials used for making parking lots, do not form a reflective surface.
sheila is human.
dictionaries are heavy books that a baby cannot lift or take.
space is zero gravity
one person would have no one else to talk to, and so could not have a conversation.
squirrel will make a store of nuts for the winter .because it does not eat leaves
chair cannot buy in an electronic store.
the mall is for shopping.
ocean has more water than swimming pool
feet not used for eating
criminals try to escape from police lest they be arrested.
if he lit a bed its burned
one cannot breathe after death.
potatoes is the plural of potato, not misspelled potatos.
you don't invite people you hate.
parents praise children when they do something well, not the other way around
the tiger only walks the earth and not the sky
there is no snow in summer to make snowballs.
the reef is already in the ocean.
telephones are plastic and cannot be eaten.
people do not eat wood.
rabbits are too small for a human being to ride on.
her glasses would be foggy while in the sauna.
blender is not good for mantle
circle do not have corners
a month time is too long
people work to be able to save money for the future
eight year olds are not allowed to buy cigarettes.
drives have to obey traffic regulations or something bad will happen.
brother is a person and not seed
one cannot wear a car.
backyard is a place where aciel cannot carry clothes and toothbrush.
bear traps catch bears.
shark is a marine animal
no man is an island.
water is composed of oxygen
submarines travel under water.
a stone does not sustain life.
soap water can make bubbles not mineral water.
a chopstick is not a straw.
food is purchased in the grocery store.
eating has no correlation with gaining knowledge
a toothbrush cannot used to be brush hair.
barbers cannot not make coats shorter
tigers are ferocious.
you can not control the wind
it is impossible to jump up a cliff.
jim will not eat apples if he doesn't like fruit.
laughing loudly in public places would is distracting and disruptive for others.
fire is hot and would not keep you cold at all.
between six and twelve children grow taller.
dogs can't communicate with their tail.
toilet is not place of taking lesson
there is not enough room or wind to fly a kite in a bedroom
a leather belt wouldn't affect a car accident.
you can't go to a railway station by plane.
kite can fly only limited distance but plane run on engine so it can fly high.
tomatoes are not grown on mars.
she should bring a umbrella because of rain.
staying up late would make someone tired not excited
microwave is used only for cooking.
wood is not butter in cake
he walks in from the street
a horse has no wings and cannot fly.
the most common place to check bags is at an airport versus going to the doctors to have your internals examined.
leather is not a eating product
pets cannot work.
people do not regularly sit on cake
singing does not show someone how to read.
a mountain cannot be put into a kennel.
people do not play with dinosaurs.
summer is the time for ice cream because it's hot, winter is too cold for ice cream
an office cannot ride
in the football class, we cannot play the piano
you cannot buy a store from a ham.
the earth is only 30% land
men and boys do not menstruate.
restaurants are for dining
driving after drinking is irresponsible and illegal.
spinal cord does not have an intestine to find
she refers to a female and not a male.
there is no such thing as a house stable
the person in charge needs to do a lot.
a beautiful princess would live in a castle not a fridge
a grove is a group of trees.
it like to have a little food at hospital, not a big meal
the moon is too far away to smell.
grocery shop does not sell car
peaches are not able to be stuck in.
you cannot pour lion as it is solid.
lotus' are known for growing in water.
battlefield cannot be a safest place to stay.
no one continue to work if they feel tired and stressful.
heavy clouds never suggests good weather.
cement column is not so weak to break so easily.
birds always build nest in branches of a tree to protect the nest.
horses do not have gas tanks.
only water can quench our thirst.
after the rain the place is washed away and cleaned
people cry for many different reasons.
you cannot answer a problem you don't know how to solve.
people can hear about a book from others that they know.
turtles are slow
ants are too small and lack the intelligence required to build houses as humans know them.
libraries are quiet places, not for parties.
traditional classrooms are structured
fathers don't deliver babies, mothers do.
i am short so i have an disadvantage in basketball
leaning a language requires such a very long time.
you find students in a classroom
drinking alcohol damages your liver.
if someone does not take bath for more than a week, he is dirty.
children not need in stay of books
volleyballs are non edible thing and which is use to play in all seasons.
people don't wear water as a scent.
an umbrella does not provide warmth.
whistle not a format of salute
moon revolves around the earth
people use a crutch for standing or walking
sneaky behavior would not give someone a pass from security.
distant galaxies are too far to be traveled to.
spiders lack the understanding to play xbox 360.
monkeys do not belong in ovens.
the moon isn't physically connected to the earth so a train can't go there.
chains are too large for shoes.
only plants can photosynthesize.
a fish doesn't have feet so it can't walk
strikes cause inconveniences, such as interruption of public services
apples can be green.
slipper are not suitable for sport, they wouldn't protect your feet.
they people not thing to anther way
clouds would not produce any wind on their own to generate electricity.
they are not found in that type.
poor people cannot buy anything easily, let alone a big house.
bread is eaten and not drunk
electric fans do not go on paintings.
library do not offer shower services and so getting wet is not a possibility
planes move at higher miles per hour than cars.
pigeons are not a symbol of war.
scientist cannot be a mark twain.
a vote cannot be consumed and it cannot cure any illness.
planes can compare with trains when it comes to speed.
people do not purchased rotten milk.
you are likely to find furniture in a furniture store
a blow dryer is not for wetting clothes.
dogs cannot walk people.
chickens are not carnivores.
boats are not used for driving on streets.
water does not contain iron.
a does not fit in his coat pocket.
school does not teach drinking
beef is not a fruit
smuggling is a crime which cannot be commended
one cannot think with their leg.
a river can't belong to a drop of water because it contains much more water than a drop.
stones aren't edible
scenes can't literally be shown by words.
mayonnaise is an eating item
raccoons do not slither.
cars sink when driven into water.
the job of a farmer is to grow crops.
against commmonsense because get a question no need calculator.
you need long sleeves to stay warm.
lion isn't type of meat people it or put in the sandwich.
hairdressers don't deal with cavities or teeth.
glass is a solid, not a liquid
teachers will not dislike a pupil who submits homework in time every day.
bare hands are so soft .
reading a bad book does not cause growth or improvement in our lives.
cotton jackets are too warm for summer
glasses have nothing to do with going to sleep.
when you're leaving, you're saying goodbye
tennis is not something commonly played in a restaurant.
umbrella will keep you dry from the rain
fish do not live in cookers.
every step should be explained when teaching.
phone cannot wash.
excellent policy of that country will not kill the millions of people.
washing machines are for clothes, not dishes.
materialists believe in material
the computer is not edible.
umbrellas are used for covering someone from rain.
chairs with a back are comfortable.
bartenders serve drinks to thirsty customers
only pears can grow on pear trees.
baking machine is for baking cake not melting iron
depends on the current position of the observator.
bread is not used in any known methods of opening a door.
leaves grow in the spring
dogs do not know how to play basketball.
a wall is for decorating your house, a door is for the entrance
rock paper scissors requires two people.
a mummy is not a baby zebra
fossil fuels create a lot of air pollution
when an envelope is mailed it has to have a stamp on it and not a sticker.
a table is not a musical insturment.
shoes don't fit in a person's mouth.
one can drink water and cannot eat
ordinary pencils have no moving parts
a car is repaired in a mechanic shop.
a regular use of a stone does not require freezing.
its against common sense because being in charge of a project does not require laziness. it requires the opposite.
only small birds can fly in the sky.
when people help you, you are grateful.
a solid surface is needed to paint a portrait on.
iron man is not a female hero.
you build with bricks
it can happem but usually doesn't
if he were tall, height wouldn't be a problem.
skiing is done in the air
cans are made of metal, and are not flammable.
you can not use anything you put in the garbage disposal ever again.
dry towels can't wet your hands.
playing with friends makes people happy.
burglars would not call to inform people they are breaking in.
a piano is to heavy to lift.
a bill needs to be payed and does not have positive monetary value
being early for an event is not cause for annoyance in itself.
the brain of two persons will not think same
people wrap their arms around another person when they hug them.
aeroplanes don't drive
chickens don't have waterproof feathers and do not swim so they would not be in a pond.
lying is not a sport.
hair loses color as we age so it turns white not red.
sport and recreation can be part of the university life, but not all.
tires are rubber wheels that help a car move
a dog eats dog food and could not live on grass.
hippos are very large and can not fit in pockets.
there is more tha one kind of engine
a car is too big to be washed in a bathtub
winter is not the ideal season for fruit picking due to cold weather conditions.
office building is not a place to see animals by the children.
a clock is used to tell time
watches cannot be eaten.
cookers are not vehicles
hands are not used for packing food.
mary could not survive in water for 10 days.
televisions are opaque
you dance on the floor.
you can not swim in the sky
parlor sells only ice creams
headphones are for listening to audio.
you are sitting down playing a piano
it is not a good idea to put food in a toolbox along with tools.
no because you dont have rights
flowers can't grow inside one's ear.
low exam grades are detrimental and usually cause sadness.
a maid is an employee, not a family member.
vets do not sell paintings
if you are tired you want to sleep and people sleep in beds
there is no valid reason in this statement as to why most people in japan are experiencing heart attacks.
there would be war
a car does not run on air.
we would not kiss someone we found repulsive
his arms are attached to his body, and therefore cannot be across the street.
a car drives on the road.
you win money in a lottery, not people.
flowers are not pricked to be destroyed.
indicating a gesture requires sight to interpret
the fire has multi color orange, red, yellow.
one does not study because one gets a high grade, but studies hard so one can obtain a high grade.
watch serves to know the hour
pandas are not purchased as pets.
treadmills can't run computers.
nose are use to smell with
an office is for working, not entertainment.
jupiter does not provide light or heat.
milk comes from cows
fish need water to live.
the sun's light is brighter than anything else in the world
the sky is atmosphere and already starts from the ground, hence can not fall.
spicy foods can make on'es eyes water and nose run.
young people should do volunteer actions because young people have strength and energy
we can't drive without license because the police will arrest you
ink is not clear
fortune is not a thing to be positioned.
ducks can only fly for a few seconds.
selective reading is the choice of an individual
you need to be naked to take a proper bath.
classes should be in classrooms, not principal rooms.
cup is not a chair to sleep
we wear not in summer
the moon is in outer space.
a house cannot fit inside of a washing machine.
coffee not found in caffine
salt is often used for seasoning
the sun does not appear in the night sky.
you have a party to celebrate a birthday.
if they're in love, they want to be together
studying hard helps you work towards graduating.
sound cannot be travel without air.
kids who live on islands are surrounded by water to swim in.
air will not hold paint.
sleeping is relaxing and you cannot get fit if you are asleep.
bedroom is the place for sleeping.
tree's leaves had not turned blue beacuse trees leaves never turned into blue
the united states is far from the u.k.
you can't swim across mountain.
air cannot be watched.
scissors are too small to be used to cut grass
men don't wear skirts.
boiled water cannot start a fire.
playing is not an activity which renews one's energy.
ovens are not used to wash clothes.
art and mathematics are very different subjects with very little overlapping subject matter.
a person cannot intentionally move while sleeping
vegetarian's do not eat meat.
the bus has four wheels
strong ropes iron cliffscare used to climb mountians
people cannot run that fast
sprinters require strong legs, not necessarily strong arms.
a lose is not a physical object capable of being given to someone.
the human liver is not used as an ingredient.
stalling wastes time, so would have made them late not early
a car is not an article of clothing.
the sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
it's hot in the summer
radio cannot cut.
fishing describes an activity but a  book is an item and not an activity
corn is planted in soil.
water cannot boil in the oven.
calculators are using for calculation.
a dog is animal, not an inanimate object.
airplane can fly in sky not underground
monkeys like bananas.
metro station is for trains , where as for flight one must go to airport.
people listen to music because it is enjoyable.
cars are a lot bigger than flowerpots.
the paper needs to be in the printer to print
people who drown cannot be saved by those who cannot swim
bridges is not a electric object
moving is difficult while sitting.
the moon is not a place where the earth does not orbits.
company is a place of business; therefore work
because people go to the laundromat to wash clothes.
lions hunt their food on land and salmon is in the ocean.
a lathe can be used to shape many things
medals are small metal items worn on a soldier's chest
you don't play a cow
if something is boring you don't like it
yesterday they went to the trip.
flag is not tall as trees.
clothing is worn to cover the body
hair cannot feel the temperature.
beer puts weight only not height
sharks do not live on land.
hospitals give treatment to save life
you are likely to find a tv in the living room.
the more blood you lose the healthier you'll not be
no one likes taxes.
cutting strings does not make a sound
washing hair makes it clean, not shorter.
plastic is not edible.
paper is not used to buy a new game.
a video game cannot be termed " beautiful"
the earth orbits the sun.
garbage is not a person to date
monkeys cannot lift the moon
a kite wouldn't fit in a coat nor it is comoftable to hide there.
toothpaste will wash away and not stay like paint would.
people can't eat video games.
pterodactyl  do not have keys to start
wighing an elephant is difficult because of its size
monster is not a bird
staples are not food.
germinated potatoes are not edible.
chocolates don't have the ability to eat anyone.
moisturizers can cause blindness in the eyes
the sun does not shine at night.
a person is too big to sleep on a tv
it is not actually possible for humans to breathe martain air directly.
lying can be find by others.
lions do not eat plant material.
footballs are not typically edible.
the body is at rest while sleeping and cannot exercise.
river is not purest form of drinking water but spring so it will be healthier drinking spring water and not river water..
people drink out of cups.
fire is hot it burns
cotton is fabric, not food
breaking your heart is more of an emotional thing that happens; it can't physically break the way described here.
the job of a cleaner is to clean the floors.
having an iphone makes you cool
dinosaur does not find in the court.
water requires extreme cold to turn into ice and a stove is used for heating, so water cannot freeze in a stove.
milk has no additives that would refresh someone
a vegetable market doesn't have an atm
before jogging, a person would need to put running shoes on.
human body have bones and can not be spongy.
facial cleanser is not medicine
dogs cannot work computers.
if your leg is hurting, you don't play basketball
coffee has a stimulant effect and would not help someone sleep.
eyes are for seeing with, not eating with
you can only buy things like clothes, shoes, food, etc. at the mall.
a library is where you go to read.  it does not have the ability, equipment, staff to take care of prisoners.
chicken is poultry, not a place
knee pads are worn on the knees.
snakes don't climb walls.
washing machines are not used for washing vegetables, only for clothes.
animals don't cook the produce their food
there is no water to wash with on a stove.
quilts are used for decoration and warmth.
an elephant is too heavy to carry.
the sun does not grow, it causes things to grow.
smoking is bad
his boss would be unhappy that he was late to work
if you destroy something, it is not usable.  you would give something you destroyed.
planet cannot be made with the trees.
hallucinations cannot created by the cold medicines.
a duck only has two legs.
tiger is carnivore  , so he will not it vegetables.
a rear courtyard is not in front of a building
water from the dishes contains soap that will kill flowers.
bricks cannot be read.
you should not look at your phone while crossing the street because you might get hurt if you don't look at your surroundings.
students don't skip class to learn
if you don't listen you will fail
bottles would not be mixed with glasses.
squirrels don't eat honey.
spider's have eight legs.
a fish would create a stink if put into the toaster.
to open a locked box we need a key.
horses can't climb trees since they have hooves, not claws.
dead man is not have a soul to save
there is no water or fish in the desert.
you can only go fishing in a body of water.
people of all ages are legally able to drink coke.
cows live outside.
no one can live on the top of the himalayas as it is inhabitable.
you cannot listen to and hear minds.
the last thing you do when you perform is leave the stage.
elephants are wild animals, not invented machines.
earphone are used to listen
ice is cold.
eyes cannot be dyed, only have contacts placed on them.
when you are tired you feel like going to bed, not working.
convenience can be increased by shopping online
green light is the indication for the traffic to proceed and go.
y=people cannot walk into the air
you can't drive on the highway without a driving license
a bidet is used to wash up after using the toilet, not for sleeping.
kate and her opponent battle each other
if id card is provided, no reason for police to make the person leave the train
a hippopotamus is too big to fit into a car.
coffee keeps you awake.
you cannot usually open a door with a pen.
a dishwasher is supposed to clean dirty dishes.
library is not a place where we cannot go to work out our bodies.
advertising is to get people to want to buy the product, not tell you what's wrong with it
cotton is not a vegetable
bicycles don't need fuel.
nobody is happy in a bad day
repeated absences are not praised.
ice is frozen and not melted
cats doesn't participate in assembly
there is no connection between hair growth and gaining/losing weight.
you add peanut butter to bread or toast
humans do not require carbon dioxide, nor do plants provide it
key is used to open the door, not to break the door.
i can by books in book stores.
paper towels do not belong in dishwashers.
air conditioning provides cooler temperatures inside compared to outside.
polar bears live only in arctic regions where there are no stations.
watching mobile phones for a long time can damage our sight.
a salami is not considered beautiful.
acid will kill you if you drink it.
trousers are long pants.
english is the one of the most common languages so it should improve your chances
people need to watch in front of them as they walk.
a can can't be put in a microwave or it would explode
objective paintings are not hard to recognize.
you can't drive ovens.
food is not alive and therefore cannot sleep.
moments are very short
bacteria will not be angry.
a disease only harms people.
sugar is a food material that would be easily dissolvable.
there are three members of the family.
where someone lives is not an indication of being poor.
a dog cannot be used like a tissue.
an ashtray is very dirty and should not come in contact with food.
bubble gum is chewed in the mouth.
stick is made of wood and wood is not sharp like metal.
only in the fruits and vegetables contains vitamin c
a hospital is a place of business not a place to play
you cannot make an error in your work after having done it.
food is essential to live.
islamic people have dietary restrictions due to their beliefs.
i can not sit on a cloud.
a cup would not fit in the toaster.
seeds need water in order to grow into a living organism.
humans can not yet live in space.
you can't sleep in a pool, you would probably drown
cleaning a monitor does not use harsh cleaning chemicals.
a faucet is used to refill a vehicle.
if land is barren nothing is there, as it is not ideal to grow there.
betrayal doesn't call for reverence.
if you are full, you have just eaten and do not need to eat more.
headphones are used on your ears so only you can hear the music.
monkeys are animals it can't teach humans
alice is sad if left out by friends
monkeys cannot purchase cigarettes.
planets cannot be purchased, yet.
crocodiles  will bite you but won't suck blood.
pizza will be cutted only in triangle shape
most bees create beehives to live in and only a few burrow into the soil.
a napkin is a non-living thing.
hats are worn on your head.
a boxing match is all about boxing.
cats are not a plant.
nicotine is a treatment of tobacco use disorders
fridges is not a country to visit
operating electrical appliances with wet hands is dangerous and potentially deadly.
rabbits live outside or in a hutch.
a washing machine would break plates.
hoovers don't heat up to cook food.
a goldfish is too small for a toilet to fit inside.
pen is not furniture do not have drawers
museums are not available in the hotel.
study only help to pass the exam not play
one turns out the light while leaving the room to save power.
earthquakes are dangerous and spill tea.
if you want to lose, you will not conquer your opponent.
alcohol can be consumed to become intoxicated.
humans can't fly.
cats cannot sing.
students don't respect physical abuse.
soup is usually stirred with a spoon or similar utensil designed for cooking.
balls will come down once thrown up
if matters are irrelevant then they are not necessary for survival.
birds are not able to read books.
the moon has no bookstores
you do not have drink alocoholic beverages to quench your thirst.
a plumber does not have the technical knowledge to fix a computer.
mothers are currently required for the production of human babies.
email can be received from another friend not from animal like dog.
water surface not hard to walk
the trash is smaller and easier to carry than the dumpster
most humans do not have the capability for space travel and the trip could not be made in one day anyway.
diamonds are very hard
defecating in public is illegal, so the media would not encourage people to do something illegal.
heat is not produce a sound to listen
a person cant survive on nor get to the sun
squares do not roll like circles.
dogs don't have hands and fingers to give baths
hair-dye is toxic to drink.
shower water doesnt get hot enough to burn
necklace is for wearing around neck not for waist
apples have no spices in them which would make them spicy.
buildings are much taller than men
a freezer is too cold to sleep in
if you live in the desert you can not waste a single drop of water
a grocery store sells food and does not have dogs or astronauts.
sally would not chop parrots.
teammates usually don't encourage each other.
cat is animal , animals are not park in the garage
jack is too small to shoot down a plane
i need to eat a snack to alleviate the hunger.
not found foot food
giraffes are too big to fit into a house to watch tv, and animals are not interested in tv.
an elephant can't fit inside a fridge
cooling off means calming down
a car is not something that gets arrested.
a glass is too small to jump into.
pliers is not something that put in the guacamole.
patients get sent to doctors
books are read to the last page.
its cold since its snowing
miecraft is a game it does not represent reality in any way
wood is made from trees only
haystack consist of large hays
ships are found in the water
trees are not humans and therefore cannot be dated.
drinking will make you full and you will loose your appetite
gloves are for hands
children can get lost, so parents should take care of them.
offering a knife to guests is offensive
a toilet's only use is for expelling human feces and urine.
a bank does not have lunch.
vocabulary is an important part of spanish learning
socks are meant to go on feet
too much of anything can be bad for you.
you should not talk to hair.
you do not typically eat glass
english is the national language of the united states.
a fan is not something to sleep on, but something to cool a room down.
lotion does not prevent a person from getting rained on; rather, lotion helps with dry skin.
you can't dip into beef
usually human's walk aftr dinner
'a library is not food and is too big to be grilled
spatulas are made of non-edible materials, like plastic
sharks are not used to play with children.
sheep is a plant eating animal
turning on a light will not make it darker.
one ant cannot eat an entire pizza.
not everyone like pickles
cotton is not eatable thing
babies are too young to work.
wood is not a living thing.
a library has neither the equipment nor the personnel to handle a knee operation.
library will not rent you are car
people are not generally in toilets, so watching the toilet would not help.
photoshop edits images on a computer.
fans would celebrate a goal being scored.
the radio station cannot play his favorite movie.
food is not alive so it can't eat anything
butcher is not a person to prescribe a medicine to worm my puppy.
bare feet over broken glass causes injury
there are no natural bodies of water that are the color red.
milk is drunk rather than eaten.
swimming does not have anything to do with art.
the sun was so bright, so he put on sunglasses.
queen elizabeth ii is a woman.
league of legends is not typically played on a mobile device.
sam can look or touch a lectern but unless it has a microphone with a speaker she would have a hard time hearing it.
books are not available in the swimming pool.
people don't get angry over good grades.
littering is frowned upon.
a car wouldn't fit into a backpack.
potatoes grown on underground
trees are too big and cannot be shot like a gun can
carbon dioxide cannot be used by  humans to breathe
an elephant wouldn't fit into a car.
the sub always rises in the morning.
lion is a animal
mobile phone is not a place to go
titanic struck a glacier and sunk.
students eat in a canyeen
a hundred $1 dollar bills is the same as a single $100 dollar bill.
that is pure insanity, you don't use that on your head
cats are carnivores.
a nap does not fill you up, it rests you
a cap is soft and does not protect.
people need fair judges and most judges are fair.
restaurants do not offer haircuts.
you can't drink pennies.
fridges are cold; you can't bake in them
lion is a terrestrial animal,it cannot fly.
he has to open his umbrella beacuse it starts raining.
a restaurant is not a unit of measure for knowledge.
crying is not exercise.
walrus is type of fish and can not be put on
cream isn't strong enough to protect against ultraviolet rays.
you can't read a sock
drinks aren't sold at police station, only bonds
barbecue is not cooked on a toilet.
the good choice for weddings are shoes
mats are usually made of cloth, not iron
ice is not suitable for to start grill
a colander has holes and will leak it taken to sea.
a microscope is too complicated for children to build at a beach
the queen bee doesn't secrete any juice.
courier's deliver goods to the homes of others.
people do not sell anything at birthdays.
dinner is eaten in the evening
child forever
fish are unable to walk.
humans can not breathe underwater.
dogs are not part of a birds diet, so a bird would not hunt a dog
ink is not edible.
people go into air-raid shelters to protect themselves against bombs.
when people are happy, they either smile or cry happy tears.
rockets are not a normal form of transportation.
policies don't steal, and return theft.
intensive study periods usually do not last for the entire duration of a course.
a baseball game must consist of more than one team to compete against one another.
a person does not shave their teeth.
one does not go the concert of a singer if he dislikes him.
if the room is hot, opening the heater would only make it warmer.
one should not leave the door open when leave the house.
water pollution is not something that is encouraged.
a house is too large to fit in a purse.
tvs are for entertainment, but not needed for eating.
people don't rub trash on their face.
the library is not a kitchen
eagles cannot swim in the water.
he was fired for failing to meet the company's requirements.
charcoal would make your hands black.
nails aren't edible
linen is a type of cloth.
bottle is not used for writing.
you should try out products regardless of how you buy them.
getting divorced means to separate from your spouse
people do not sleep on trash
the dishes are not usable if they are underneath the table.
mountains are not a form of communication.
one cannot swim up a road.
a logger doesn't plant the trees, they cut them down.
a monkey is an animal, not sports equipment.
an elephant won't fit into a car.
the arctic is not very hot, its one of the coldest places on earth.
magma will burn the feet
not every orange has a sweet flavor.
the garage already has your own belongings in it.
detergent is for fabric not skin
a book contains a lot of information at once.
stones are known to sink when placed in water.
nobody wants to live a short life
cats are bigger than mice
horses is not a fish to catch
hamburgers don't represent humans
nobody is can be certain of success.
hybrid cars use less fuel than regular cars
ice cubes are very cold.
one will feel stressful only if they dont finish their work
money is printed
the sky is blue.
vinegar doesn't make a meal more salty.
animals do not hang out in gyms.
delicious food cannot harm anybody.
if we consume food we cannot get drunk.
people can judge the direction by the sun
boiling water means it is hot
monkeys aren't typically collected
meeting a kangaroo is not something you can eat
an astronaut do not taxes.
motor cycls cannot run faster than sound speed.
airliners are way too expensive for most people to purchase.
ride on roller coasters is not good for heart patient
a kindergarten is a place where children are taught, not for camping
experiments are not conducted in libraries.
a monkey cannot drive.
ink is inside of a pen.
long articles are hard to read, not easy.
moon is a place where we cannot drove the car.
obesity is the disorder which is due to excess calories.hence it is not good for health
you wouldn't visit someone that you do not trust.
car cannot ate by him.
talking big is a way to rub things in peoples faces.
fish can only live in water.
teeth are fixed by dentists
a kid is too slow to catch a car
the spirit is not a phrase.
people should not read books when they walk
trains do not travel through water.
buying water will not affect the air quality
playing a lot does not help him improve handwriting
a plumber does not direct films.
who eat vegetable they only live healthy
he can not make apple of pies.
most men generally don't use lipstick at all
by rotating steering car wont halt
cars are brought in car showroom not in a cafetaria
as both consists of one kilo , both would weigh the same.
shoes is not for mobile
losing weight when you are thin is dangerous.
hospitals don't offer hair treatments.
if her tooth ached, she would not be able to chew properly
planting seeds doesn't get you an oil change.
judging is stupidity
when people meet they do not high-five one another.
the principal does not collect homework.
the chef wouldn't clean the pot with ingredients inside it
jane should not sit on wet paint."hitid
a car is too heavy and inflexible to wear.
these are names of cars, not columbus's ships.
snow requires cold weather to form.
rock-and-roll is not sleepy music.
bank is where we save money
nope, snow is white everywhere, maybe yellow sometimes
cars emit pollution.
cats is not a shoe
flour is not meant to be applied to a face.
drunk people forget things, not sober people.
if it's hot, a coat would make you hotter.
pork is a pig and not a turkey.
a baton is used for playing music
the sun does not appear to rise in the west.
the moon revolves around the earth.
you cannot be pulled over of you are already pulled over
a car has four wheels.
buildings do not commonly appear in a forest.
a bicycle only has two tires.
horses are large farm animals.
gate placed in outside of the home
motorcycles need fuel to run like petrol
people do not yell at others when they are happy
a pot can't light a candle.
oil would kill the flowers.
it is important to not be too stern with a child and scolding a child too much can have negative effects on the child.
whales are too large to be caught by a single person, much less by a single elderly person.
emergency lanes are for emergencies only, you cannot occupy them
pamela is a name usually given to a woman.
the plate has food on it to eat, it would be pointless to just put it right in the sink.
eyeballs are smooth and round.
tofu is a thing where jim cannot stand.
dragon is not a jelly
usually you take notes in class to write down what the teacher said
a blanket has no words on it to read.
coffee mug does not used to carry the book.
the trash can is bigger than garbage bag which is in possible to filled by garbage bag.
if we are in a lack of salary then we cannot have a loyalty
calculators don't have games.
a horse does not hiss
you`re a human, not football
water is an essential need of our body to survive ,not the games.
you can't get a bill before ordering
not charging your mobile phone only affects battery life.
you cannot knit a food item
cars cannot walk.
dad was shoveling snow off the driveway.
dogs do not have opposible thumbs to do housework.
lava is intensely hot and dangerous and the boy would sizzle immediately.
crocodiles do not have wings
a tortoise is to small to ride.
cow legs are not commonly served entrees.
the woman cannot was pregant with a cow.
failing is not good
no one can dug hole in any country
tables aren't edible.
rulers are not instruments of writing
the library is a quiet place because people are reading.
dog cannot used to drive away from the city.
a child isn't usually beaten by their mother for doing well.
cooker is an appliance that alone cannot cook good food
we should wear comfortable clothes at home, not formal.
a fierce dog should have a leash put on it not taken off
a refrigerator doesn't wash clothes
being rejected is a sad thing.
leaves will fall because of gravity
wine is not vital for life
an tiger is much bigger than a cat
a stone would not clean your body and would hurt.
toothbrushes are for cleaning your teeth, not opening doors.
people yawn when they're tired.
you don't wear houses
movie theaters don't have barbers who can cut hair
beach sand cannot support food.
lighting your house will ruin your house.
dogs are not able to talk or communicate with words.
china and australia are separated by vast amounts of ocean, not accessable via train
there are no dinosaurs left on planet earth
normal people see in color.
there is no dancing at the opera.
a television is too big to be put on a finger.
wrenches are physical tools, not virtual ones.
dieting causes weight loss.
convenience stores are too small to sell cars.
a bottle is made of a material that is not edible.
shoes are too big to go into bottles.
hiring a driver makes no sense when your car is unusable.
not many people claim to have encountered a ghost.
pens are a writing implement used by many people.
hotels are not institutions of education
bottle is too small for baby kangaroo to fit in
dogs and cats can't breed together
smoking is dangerous to these organs.
toilet doesn't has eggs
a basketball court is flat and has no water to swim in
stone is not energy source.
water will kill and engine
national news doesn't cover local affairs.
butterflies transition from caterpillars using a cocoon, not an egg.
asians generally have yellow skins
a monk cannot do hair
if you go during a stop sign you might get ran over.
gasoline wold kill flowers.
the airport is not equipped for doctor's to work at.
cars are for driving.
there is no water on the moon
bologna is not a liquid
fruits contain more  vitamins  so its good for health
a kite cannot fly when there is no wind.
people do not usually ride tigers.
a hair care article is informative and not funny.
you get gas at a petrol bunk, not cash.
rocks are solid and hard.
hand luggage is too small to drive a car into and is a transportable container.
cheetah do not live in the water
humans have apparently not been to the moon in several decades.
the wallets are used for carry such personal items
the legal age for one to start working is 18
you do not receive cards and flowers in a store.
humans dont have the hearing abilities to hear distances that would be in context of "the next city".
sand would only get in the swimming pool in very small amounts.
an aquarium is a place not to put a cow.
the fire would have to be made before cooking.
water does not contains chemical
foxes are land animals and cannot be found in the sky.
people can not travel to another galaxy.
football is played with foot.
fridges are bigger than most people.
a desk is not a food item and is larger than an oven.
football shoes have good traction on a field but will create friction on a wooden court.
plates cannot catch fish
breakfast starts kick the metabolism and it gives energy throughout the day and it is essential to eat.
a rolodex does not hold tissue.
planes are used for much longer trips.
if its not open you cant see
a tire cannot run with water in it.
tigers do not drink from flowers.
a boat cannot fit in your throat
pens are for writing
a weightlifter uses weights
coke is not made from fruits.
cooks do not work in the library
school is learning place
a sock is ment to be worn in legs.
dieting would help someone lose weight.
people wear shoes
hammers are tools
rural villages are small and don't usually have hospitals
computer cannot ate by the little girl.
after victory our team will not felt much disappointment.
someone created electricity or invented it
people don't seek out establishments which have only negative reviews.
when a person is sleeping they aren't conscious and, therefore, they are not learning anything.