there is no snow in north america during the summer to participate in those activities.
detergent is generally used for washing clothes not to dye hair.
you do not necessarily need to take classes to take a driver's license exam.
hangers don't have money.
coffee is a stimulant not depressant.
it is very hard to teach cats to use the toilet
no one can write with knife.
because men do not make babies.
chickens are not able to swim.
sticks are asexual.
monkey is not available in the restaurant
a square has four corners.
a fin is so flexible that  it can not move a desk
mops are one of several tools used for floor care
a car is not a food source for bears.
the titanic couldn't fly.
bears dont drive cars
only money or substitutes for money can be used to buy trips and other tangible items.
the sandwich is a physical object and sadness is an emotion, objects cannot feel emotion.
a car is too big to fit in a bedroom
car can be repaired by a repairer and repairer cannot be repaired by a car.
you can't pay for dinner with leaves.
shoes do not have wings to fly.
lava is liquid
we can sail the boats in the river or in the sea
the game of football has specific rules that must be followed, they cannot just do whatever they want.
fish cannot survive in outer space
the swab is used to clean the ear
skyscrapers are built in the city, not farm country.
if she does not eat or drink, she will die.
an apple has a stem.
a cigarette  is used in the mouth only
the cake is smaller than a whale
wild boars are not dogs.
looking at computer screens strain the eyes
a horse would not fit in a drawer.
a yacht wouldn't fit in a bed.
monks aren't allowed to dance
leaves can only leave their trees during specific natural cycles.
a camel's fur is unsuitable for painting.
her grandfather is too big for the cot.
jerry springer is not a cartoon
a floor cannot heat food.
eating candy is not a crime
dogs don't eat sharks
straight razors are only used for shaving and are not used for cutting sheet metal.
you can not drink gasoline
everybody falls off their skateboard at sometime or another.
a windmill would not provide enough power to power an entire country
tv's are man made found in stores
water is not a toxic
some people find horror novels distressing
fish do not have legs, only fins,
an axe is not used as planting tools
a bathing suit will not keep susan's arms and legs warm.
plants will grow with sunlight and water.
ditches do not move and can't jump in front of people.
there are fruits that are not yellow
the car should be parked in thre garage.
you need money to buy a car.
chocolate would melt when it came into contact with hot coffee.
crows can be put in the category of aves.which have a low capacity to undestand the drama actions.
speakers are designed to create sound only.
fountain don't have soda
hey suitcase has no lens.
you would cut yourself.
people live inside houses, so a house must be larger than its inhabitant
it's not possible to eat a play.
people drink coffee from a coffee mug.
mountains are large geographical features, and no mountain would be smaller than a man, or it would be too small to be a mountain.
the sun remains whole in the sky every day, it does not explode and no longer exist.
avocados don't taste bitter
people cannot fly because they have no wings but hands.
a fan is used for getting wind only
books do not fit in a pencil case
eating poison will lead to death.
identity card cannot be used to pay for anything.
the weather is not as hot in the arctic because it gets less sunlight.
cell phones are not food
a plane is for travel to a far away place, a school is close.
sarah should run outside in response to the fire alarm instead of making a grilled cheese.
frogs feet are called hands
parties are fun not work
they call because they want to speak to them.
saliva comes out from boys mouth and not eyes.
one should wear pajamas before going to bed and not swimsuit.
a dentist checks teeth.
in the river you can swim.
you do not use gel alcohol on your body, only on your hands.
pens have ink
a cat is alive and could be killed, but not broke.
you don't need to cook an orange especially in hot oil.
tommy used a pan to cook dinner and not computer.
the air being conditioned has nothing to do with the fly dying.
the moon is an extremely large star, a person could not hold it, much less put it in a washing machine.
excrement is waste material that smells awful, and we wash our hair for it to be clean.
live chicks are encased in eggs when birthed.
stone is not located in poland.
good men dont get jailed
baseball is for everyone.
whales are actually one of the largest animals in the ocean, even bigger than a school bus!
football is a sport that puts athletes at risk for injuries, which is contrary to healing a leg due to an injury.
restaurants don't offer people services for showering
there are numerous other options for payments available apart from using an e-wallet
the bus drives her to work everyday
every game has its own rules and cricket is not an exception.
there are bones everywhere in the body and not just the torso.
dinosaurs became extinct about 66 million years ago
a cap would cover a person's head, not their eyes.
christians like god
this was true prior to 2006.
giraffes live in africa, the arctic would be too cold for them.
one  can work for   a  computer company by studying computer science and not art or history.
restaurants do not require uniform for its customers.
trees do not have emotions
plants grow everywhere
a real rocket would never fit inside of a toy rocket because it's much too large.
monkeys are smaller than elephants
a boy was talking to a rock and told hid ,o, it was talking back.
you should wash your clothes.
cats dont weigh over 50 lbs.
horses cant fit into  ovens.
people need to sleep every night, so they can't only sleep when it rains or they would die
lions dont fit in glasses
japan is a country on the earth, not a planet in our solar system.
cars are typically made of metal.
you get warm when you exercise
you weakness should be shielded from your enemy so that they don't have an advantage.
a horsefly is too small to ride
movies dont have legs and feet
leftover food goes in the fridge.
the last thing to do before going to bed is to brush your teeth.
people don't drive trains to work.
a bowling ball is too heavy to play catch with
n elephant is too big for a car
snakes are dangerous and can frighten people when they see them
you can't eat a table.
alligator should be inside river.
it is not practical to move once a week.
wine is fermented grapes, holy water is just blessed water.
we pray at churches or where it is reverent and quiet.
hair is lengthened by not getting it cut
apples are often red or green or yellow; they are not orange.
smoke contains a large number of harmful substances in it.
fish do not wink, they swim
shampoo will make you sick
sleeping requires silence.
canada is on earth
bicycle will plunge into water.
kindergarten is for children
balls can only be kicked
a bank is an inanimate object that you work for
motor oil is toxic
lying will get you in trouble.
dumpsters are large, and waste is smaller
plates are not utensils used for drinking
a judge provide justice only
you don't need to charge a fully charged battery.
fruit is healthy.
dogs dont eat ants
playing the drums is noisy.
because cactuses do not have mouthes to spit with.
the angle of square objects does not allow them to roll
the element of mercury is unsafe to ingest.
people watch tv with their eyes open.
insurance is not a way of making money.
a table is not food and a cats stomach is too small to fit a table in
the helmet is not a part of the human body.
a clock shows time, it has nothing to do with animals.
men don't use handbags.
trees are part of nature
a hen is a live animal and you would not put it in the fridge.
electricity powers electrical devices.
a gardener does gardening work in the lawns or fields, he deals with plants, he doesnt follow crime or suspects.
insects do no carry rabies
bees are vital to humanities survival.
basketballs are much bigger than golf balls and have to go into baskets that are up high, so golf clubs wouldn't work at all in the game of basketball.
people cannot swim in lava because they would die.
most houses do have at least one room e.g. a bathroom and a bedroom
because apple is a fruit
they only eat nectar
phone can ring but not tell me to answer it.
a vending machine is too big to fit in a car
east is a horizontal point while the north is a vertical point.
humans do have hands
turkey lacks insulative properties.
puppies do not lay eggs.
santa gives gifts on christmas
dust is only likely to act on objects and act like an object.
amphibians can live in water, reptiles like beside water.
the largest animal is a blue whale.
breakfast is for breaking your fast in the morning
it is impossible to eat the sky.
factories do not provide clean environments for parks to be near
a library does not have food for sale.
hot tea will melt the rocks which in this case mean ice
armor protects the knight.
some trees do not produce any kind of fruit.
eyes don't have the power to smell things.
unless it is a dinosaur toy, she cannot have a dinosaur.
when fan blades spin there is wind and no water produced.
doing regular excercise can improve the body not study.
by working u can earn money but not lose
rugs belong on the floor
phones are for voice and chat
there are no streets on jupiter.
ovens belong in the kitchen
the man cannot drool with a frog.
speeches are stated, not sung.
this goes against common sense, because ufo have nothing to do with tofu,a food,
cars are not living animals to have legs
the moon is never green and therefore the dog can not bark when it is green.
circuses are for entertainment and have no holy significance, so people do not go to them to pray
a person cannot make the rain stop.
an object must be inside another especially if you are cooking something.
sunflowers are not entirely orange only the inside of the petals are orange.
it does make sense, however it is against morality to do so.
not everyone relaxes the same way, so listening to music is not a must for relaxing.
the whale lives in the sea which has no beds.
dogs cannot drive cars.
a freezer wont fit into a microwave.
a electrical charge comes from wires and poles
clocks are hard to make and can not be made by just anyone
socks cannot be tied
bookmarks are smaller than books
salt and pepper is used for savoury dishes
people do not eat at the gym.
toads don't eat cheese puffs and tango.
footstools are not powered or wheeled.
you touch with your hands not see
a jet plane would not even fit in a house.
grocery stores don't give checks for items purchased.
a bicycle is powered by a human and goes slowly
valentine's day is for love.
one hundred thousand dollars is too fat to be put in one pocket
a robber should be brought to justice
manicurists perform a cosmetic function, not a torturous one.
building a treehouse on a rooftop wouldn't make it a treehouse by definition
feet do not require glasses
that would be too fast to write a page.
humans jump over objects, not laugh at them.
dinosaurs are unobtainable so it wouldn't be possible to bring one to work.
a mousetrap is too small to catch an elephant.
cars fill up with water which makes them sink.
steak is thick
to solve the problem of darkness, you would need to turn on the lights
not every stone is precious
you couldn't lift a refrigerator.
not all biologists are pilots
food does not have emotions.
the remote is a time saver condensing actions to a few clicks of button.
putting a dog in the fridge is dangerous.
british are a type of people
if you bake people they will die
the horse gave birth to a baby horse.
 a lion cannot go to a movie.
you spent the money, so now you don't have it to buy a dog.
you must drink water to survive that long
aeroplanes would hit the mountains and crash
liquids are not clothing
moon rises in the evening
people without certain limbs can do most jobs.
the baseball team does not have instruments
a door can be opened with a handle and not hinges.
forests are there in the forest and not breadbox.
a dogs stomach would not be large enough to hold an entire ponds worth of water
humans also like bananas.
a bathtub is too small and shallow to have a diving board.
rooms do not fit on cars
orange juice is not used in car engines
chocolate would do nothing against a fire
an apple does not have a voice
beause you don't marry dogs.
fire added to fire results in fire.
hair cannot scream.
we eat oranges but oranges don't eat anybody.
a human is not able to fly.
dogs can only bark and whine.
a basement does not let in enough sun to power anything.
pigs cannot fly so they cannot become birds.
hats are not commonly used to hold coffee.
detergent is used for cleaning
narcotic anynymous is an organization to assist people with addictions, and drug dealers are most likely not part of the demographics of people who are considered addicts.
prisons are for criminals
a baby cannot drive a car.
a camera is not entitled with email facility
people use air conditioners in the summer to be cold and not winter.
he is father, she is mother
taking time off work and paying for a holiday won't cost a million pounds
cars do not drive people
the fridge is inanimate
a man cant live on the moon since their is no oxygen.
a battery does not contain a phone; a phone contains a battery.
oil has nothing to do with the temperature of the car
a pig is where pork comes from, beef comes from cows.
we do exams at school.
a television has a screen for video.
a cat can eat a  mouse but a mouse cannot eat s cat.
there are female horses.
apples cannot wipe the body dry.
farms do not have skyscrapers on them.
water constitute hydrogen and oxygen only
fishes are bought from a fish market and not fruit stall.
a sponge doesn't have words to read.
jaywalking is illegal
lions are too heavy to pick up and throw.
to hang an object it must be off the floor, so you cannot hang an object on the floor
when you are tired, you should rest
bricks are made for sturdy walls
dogs are smaller than people.
fibers are softer than metal.
busses can be used for other tasks, such as public transportation for adults
police don't take food orders.
stone is harder to break the glass
rainbows are visible and have colors.
a dog cannot read and therefore writing it a letter is useless.
first is dating and then marriage
one wears a swimsuit when she gets in a pool.
t-rex's are extinct.
giraffes could not fit in a car, nor could they navigate it.
hair cut is done by a barber in the salon.
humans cannot digest dirt.
if the world exists it must be something
cotton is soft and cannot be used to hit something.
soccer is not necessary to sustain life.
tennis balls are hit with a racket, not kicked.
pillow is soft you cant get hurt
it is too hot in the summer to wear parkas.
death is inevitable by any means.
an apple can not support the weight of a person and is much too small to sit on.
pills are small and easy to swallow
since an enema is used to relieve severe constipation, most humans can live without an enema.
clouds are far away from people in the sky
she can't be famous if no one knows who she is.
a hose is a pipe and the car is an automobile ,it cannot wash a hose
reptiles  do not have wings.
you ea soup with a spoon.
eggplants are for nutrition not communication.
the slide is an object and has no emotion or feelings
plants drink/need water.
the sky is blue.
a school bus cannot participate in school activities.
ovens are too heavy for tables
a good house cannot be built without the use of skilled technicians.
kidneys cant process saltwater.
no dogs are purple
schools have certain hours they are open.
the sun emits light, it can not be black.
athletes run fast and jump high
a scarecrow  cannot be shot by  a hunter.
the refrigerator can cool the water but not warm the water
a giraffe is much bigger than the pressure cooker.
killing does not happen at parties
a mountain is immovable and unable to be lifted.
apple is not a weapons manufacturer.
it is impossible to walk through a wall that does not have a hole in it.
humans eat on plates and other silverware, not flowers
deer would not fit through the window.
peanut butter is an eatable and cannot be converted into energy.
water is drunk using the sense of taste and not hearing.
your reflection is a view not a human.
the food eaten by cat's are chewed and not in liquid form for drinking.
mike cannot walk on water
the ostrich is too big to go in an oven
drinking poison cannot make one healthy.
oceans are filled with water
a helmet is not often usefull in time of peace.
no body will hate her if she is kind,patient,gentle and calm.
the poors are also able to visit the restaurant nowadays
a rake would not move small bits from the floor.
books are small objects that include texts and maybe pictures printed on paper.
reading improve your knowledge.
lava would burn a duck.
garage is a location, which can not be placed in a car
a stone is too hard to make into a sausage
amusement parks are full of fun activities and most people don't enjoy spending time in cemeteries.
the ocean looks blue because it reflects the color of the sky.
a baby does not have the ability to walk, much less put stuff in the dryer.
humans would get sick if they eat most meats uncooked.
turquoise is a color and not a game.
i think this question is the wrong way around?
the plate is flat and does not contain liquids very well.
you must fasten your seat belt to drive.
murder cannot give anyone happiness.
toilet seats go in the bathroom.
there is no stock of stones in the sky to fall from.
there is no medicine that one can take to get taller.
a giraffe is big so that it can not be fit into a backpack
cats don't watch tv.
no use for policemen in the hospital
men don't give birth.
there is nothing to 'work on' with a box
all the people in the world play many sports, not just football.
airplanes fly, not buses.
music cannot cause cramps
stars were created by god and placed in the sky, a person does not have the power to plant or create a star.
food is inanimate and cannot bring food
you cannot mine petroleum with a shovel.
if spaghetti is put in boiling oil it would be fried spaghetti
horses would die without sleep, so they need sleep
a monkey would not like a cage
the giraffe lives in the jungle and not in houses
"paper"  money is made of paper, that's why it's called paper money, iron would be to heavy.
dolphins live in the ocean and don't have the ability to travel on land, so would likely not be on a road
people don't usually eat pests.
a ring cannot be rectangle in shape as it would not fit on a finger like a ring with a circular shape would.
the sky can have many colors.
printers dont take water
lasagna is made with wide strips of noodles and layered with meat and cheese.
a fork does not have a pencil lead
a bone is an inanimate object and so can't bury anything
stars are available not in the market.
people can't walk on water so it would be impossible to dance on.
stealing is against the law and law-abiding means not doing things that are against the law.
many politicians are lawyers but all politicians are not lawyers.
dining room table is used for eating food.
thiefs do not warn police
a car is too big to fit on a dog
the thirsty man chocolate given by him
cats cannot normally play hockey
vegetarians do not eat meat.
a church built by bricks
as long as man has some type of food to eat, he will not die.
flags are way above the ground where there are no rabbits.
bread is sold in plastic or paper bags for easy assess.
a state is not a person and therefore cannot have personal characteristics
dental decay is caused by tartar and plaque.
a tiger does not belong in a car
a key is used to to open a lock.
a water bottle doesn't have ink or any kind of lead to write with.
bikes aren't designed for use in water.
cats don't like water so they clean themselves with their tongue
garbage cans are usually metal or plastic and dangerous to eat.
alcohol is bitter and will make cats sick.
nuggets are not made from cats, they are made from chicken.
a submarine is an aquatic vehicle and only runs in bodies of water.
pianos don't play people, people play pianos.
watching movies does not solve hunger.
petrol is toxic if consumed.
there is nothing making it compulsory to go to new york by flight from boston
a spoon is used to eat
you cant always choose what you hear
homework is done after eating lunch.
a man doesn't wear an airplane (or wood plane).
different birds have white head too.
hanging trees from your roof would hurt your house
doors do not fly.
it would take a very long time to dig a hole in the ground with a spoon.
potato chips are a typical party snack.
giraffes are too large to fit in a pan and we don't eat them.
bathroom cleaners contain chemicals that are harmful to skin.
no bag can contain a large structure like a supermarket
you can't plant a tree inside.
 two people that speak different languages cannot talk to each other.
the fish market sells fish, not pizza.
companies have shareholders and stockholders that co-own them.
ships always float.
exercising daily makes a person fit.
typing the letter before you turn on the computer doesn't actually tell the computer to do anything so you must turn on the computer first.
a washing machine is used to wash clothes
marathons bring with physical wear
soda does not evaporate instantaneously.
that would be dangerous.
morning is the time for breakfast.
you can't eat stones.
dogs can't cook.
a thief takes without paying.
chair is to sit not to play basketball
stones don't usually go in a milkshake
pillowcases arent edible
nails do not smash
if you were tired you wouldn't have the energy to run.
sarampo is not capable of killing all plants, animals & living organisms.
flying paper chocolate cannot make a cake
an inchworm has no use for a station
human repair cars not vice versa
grass never can be purple
the animals you ride in equestrianism are horses
people pray in quiet places.
rock bands are human and cannot lay eggs.
a refrigerator is too cold to make things warm
thinking requires brain and not pen.
people use computers everyday without their vision going blurry.
kilometers are different from pounds.
birds don't often hitchhike to miami.
helping for committing suicide is crime
you cannot check your own king.
refrigerators are larger and warmer than freezers.
a lunchbox is much too small to hold a car.
clocks tell time and not street lights.
office is for work
if it is found on earth, then it not an alien.
this would be called an accident or wreck.
anteaters eat ants
oceans make up most of this planet
milk doesn't come from the sea. salt water comes from the sea.
a car is too big to fit on a barbeque
water is always the liquid form of h20.
fish do not have feet, and so can't use feet to swim
you can't be present at a lecture if you'r sleeping.
she  can have a baby with the lover and not robot.
when people are sad, they frown, a smile is to display happiness.
it is impossible to ride a soup can
she wouldn't listen to rap music if she hates it
acids in the soil destroy vegetables.
workshops do not sell clothes, just tools and hardware
wifi is a signal and can be used by multiple people at one time.
a car is much too big to be parked in a bathroom.
there's little to no reason to bring a pillow to the bathroom.
an eagle cannot swim
dog is an animal and cannot make food and feed a human being.
dusk refers to the evening when the sun is setting.
grand canyon is too big.
rats are the prey to cats
the average person doesn't have access to any vehicles that are capable of going to mars.
baking happens in a kitchen, not underwater.
steel is a stronger building material for house frames than wood
a trombone is used for making music.
cars run on gas.
a  camel cannot be put on a table.
water would evaporate in a microwave.
tanks are made of metal.
ships are built to move on top of water and cannot roll within the water.
flight tickets r purchased
listen to music use hearing aid
it is not possible to run in the sky
cooked spaghetti is not durable enough to be used as materials to build a house.
the refrigerator does not make decisions
smoking has been proven to cause cancer and therefore shorten one's life.
drinking urine is disgusting and unsanitary
photosynthesis can occur in plants
after movie you are not allowed to stay inside
no apples are pink
cats have one life.
injuries are inanimate and can only be on a person.
eggs are usually come from chickens.
one  cannot enjoy the art of death and practice in sparetime.
you gets receipts from shops.
air conditioning would cool the house, so if it was hot you would want the air on, not off.
rocks sink in water
the ice cream would melt in the oven
sharks are not herbivores.
you don't carry money in a carrot.
a camel would be too big and heavy for a mans head.
a computer has a screen, a chair does not.
a train is too big and heavy to lift and fit onto a bed.
pots do not fit in plants
unicorns are imaginary.
a shovel is used to dig a hole, a lawnmower would be used to cut grass.
a tiger will not fit
milkmen deliver milk
a building is made of metal, wood, and bricks, not cheese.
coffee is a liquid
stores do not sell people.
table doesn't have water to swim in.
summer is defined as hotter
the toll road requires payment for its use.
fish have scales not cats.
trees do not have legs or the ability to move from their location.
money is made from paper.
water is necessary for a person's body to stay alive and function.
there is no school for eating
wool is never blue.
rich people have all the money they need to buy anything they want, so they don't need charity from anyone.
money will be destroyed in the oven
you get a job to gain money
coffee can not make you tired
airplanes are far too big to fit in a car.
lava is molten rock, so it is very very hot.
electric cars don't use gas, so the fact that gas prices are low would not influence someone to want an electric car.
ships are large vehicles that float in water and not roll in water.
electricity is beneficial for economic and safety reasons, thus it is good for cities and towns.
a case of bottles wouldn't fit in his cap.
candy and soda are unhealthy
there is no way top heat food that is in a toilet.
a tiger can not fit in a cup.
there are no moisturizers that are safe to put into your mouth.
when driving one should always stop at a stop sign and not diving .
not all cookies need chocolate chips.
bill would break his nose if he fell on his face.
usually someone goes to sleep during their bedtime.
music can be heard on a phone.
library environments are quiet spaces.
video games is a fiction of life.
one cannot put the phone in the fridge.
emergency numbers should only be used to report crime, fire or help in case of injury
a helmet is not part of the human body.
wood is too large to fit inside a vacuum.
you can't die from laughing
the earth is too large for a person to paint.
lava is too hot to eat and would kill you.
you cant buy a dvd player at the café
there is no air of the type that humans breathe on either venus or mars, so humans can't live there by breathing air.
the basketball is an inanimate object.
air does not heat up when it's circulated
a potato is a root which grows in the ground.
an axe has a sharp edge
newspaper dress will tearaway easily and will not cover our body.
dog's cannot drive cars.
skipping questions scores no points
a food is not a lie
showers are made for getting clean
we used cooler for preserve foods
car dealerships do not sell houses
rubber is not absorbent.
a rabbit is not tall enough or smart enough to drive a car
arizona is actually pretty hot as it is closer to the equator than say north dakota.
the purpose of a office is to provide a working place for workers.so these workers occuppy set areas within the office building.
exams are administered in the examination hall so that is where he must go to take the exam.
fruit is not an animal and vice versa.
a book is used for reading, a key can open a door however.
he walked on the floor but not through the floor.
parks do not have food
gourmet food is the exact opposite of cheap and fast.
earning money requires you to be productive.
the wheels should be round to move faster
a 12-inch cake is a very large portion and too much to eat as well as a dinner
basketball cannot be put in a wooden picture frame.
house addresses have nothing to do with attracting customers
bacon cannot be broken
boxes can be square and rectangles
rabbits love fresh fruit and vegetable as part of a balanced diet.
poop is not lovely.
kitchen is for cooking not for sleeping
a heart surgeon does not have the qualifications to fix a car
lightning happens before thunder.
dishwashers can't be used for baking.
people cannot walk on water
dying everyday isnt factual.
nobody eats a cow.
boulders are to big and heavy to be kicked and moved.
fan is not designed to emit light
it is too cold in antarctica for an orange tree,as they require tropical conditions.
machines are not human therefore do not sleep.
not all tall people are good at impressions
earth is a part of milky way and milky way is not a part of earth.
a favourite menu in the local chinese restaurant is delicious food and not boiled rocks.
cars cannot drive in the sky
water must be very hot to cook food.
you find farmers on farms.
bleach is a product used for cleaning.
libraries sell books, not fish and birds
a musical instrument shop is no place for a lion
you cannot describe a phone with an adjective
the moon is not edible and is much too large for a bug to eat.
you must bake a cake in  a heated oven or it will not bake.
innocent people do not commit crimes.
poison cannot be eaten or cooked because it causes death
everyone can't afford luxury car because they expesive.
eagles cannot breathe under water.
seawater is know for containing high levels of salt compared to sugar.
a monkey is too small to eat a gorilla.
there is no space inside the refrigerator to watch a movie
the government should implement regulations to protect workers.
people with vision problems need glasses
a freezer does not generate heat.
dirty dishes would not be regarded as a good birthday present
when you're drowning in water, there is no oxygen in your lungs.
cars are able to be driven at any time of day.
in order to play the sport of hockey by its rules, one must have a stick.
a gym provide fitness machines not horses
antelops cannot be considered predators because lions prey on them instead of the other way around.
a car doesn't fit inside a desk drawer
people do not build crosswalks on oceans, so you would never find an ocean at the crosswalk
there is more to business than earning
desks are not edible
paper is a product of wood.
working in the gym would make you lose wight.
human can get closer to their baby not cubs
chopping her fingers off would hurt a lot.
some people are not able to ride bikes.
not all rabbits weighs 200 pounds.
you do not wash a quilt in a dishwasher
you read a book you don't play with it
there is no way to get splinters form pvc pipes.
you park a car inside a garage.
rose petals are soft and cannot hurt you.
cats couldn't live in kitchen drawers.
people can store money in banks, their drawers, but you would not put money into a dustbin.
turtle cannot run fast.
banks do not sell patrol.
it is usually cloudy when it is raining
cars sink in the ocean
bread can't eat people
people generally hurry up and finish tasks when they feel that the time is late.
you don't write mathematics you calculate or solve
radiation is toxic to humans.
cotton is extremely lightweight and would not help enlarge muscles.
a car cannot fit into a can.
rabbits are found on land and do not survive in water, and it's not possible to see a living rabbit swimming in water.
refrigerators do not produce heat
gas stations sell gas, it is not appropriate to eat in one
mice do not know how to type.
deer can not fly without wings
cars are smaller than homes
people do not workout their muscles in their sleep, they do not move.
a car is to big to be put in a bag.
a dresser is not for showering
birds cannot swim.
soap gets sudsy
cereal is for any time of day.
he would get hit by the car.
light bulbs use electricity.
a can opener doesn't open.
it is impossible for a hen to moo like a cow
australia is a continent while ice cream is a dessert.
the internet isnt something physical
the sun is not cold but it is hot.
concrete is too hard for a dog to dig a hole in it.
a dog cannot be used to open a door.
a pan is not food.
it would take forever to ride a bike from india to england.
the fire truck is much bigger than the boy
a piano does not need oil.
cars are much larger than any boxes and would never fit.
a track is made for dry land competition only such as running.
you start a fire using a match
the man is too big for a cat cage.
water isn't alive to be killed
the moon is usually only visible at nighttime.
the hospital is for getting treatment
porch is not eatable.
most flights usually take place outside, not inside.
cars are much too large to fit inside a person.
tanks are too heavy to push.
you should drive facing front to the road.
there is no clothing in the womb.
joe wouldn't go to jail for saving money.
elephant is too heavy to ride a motorcycle.
there is clear proof that animals evolve in big and small ways all the time.
funerals don't take place on an ice rink.
a giraffe is much bigger than a microwave
books are in the library not a swimming pool.
smelling is not a function of a finger
rabbits don't howl.
it is the best way for saveing gold.
you can not read or write on flowers and plants
it would be dangerous to put a tiger in a basket, and also we don't usually eat tigers.
trains weight more than sticks
florida is a landmass and does not move.
computers internally work without human interference.
a bald man does not have hair
cancer does not affect everyone.
a wall is not entitled with a reflecting capability
a dinosaur is not a food
the child ate candy with his hands.
the eel lives in the river.
the airplane is used to travel long distances.
a radio is for listening not seeing.
rotten cookies smell bad.
dogs are mammals, and mammals don't lay eggs.
sea water doesn't contain sugar in it.
men usually wers shirts but could wear a blouse.
the tree does not have saliva
there is no water in crude oil and so it can't be extracted from it
when someone dies, their heart stops.
tigers don't eat straws.
pigs can't deliver packages.
dinosaurs have been gone from earth for a long time
if you are hot a heater is going to make it worse.
he would not be able to write with a pen filled with water which is the purpose of a pen.
smelled bad take a bath
you could not make a car with food.
skin has pigment and is not transparent.
an earthquake is destructive
hands and fingers are used to play musical instruments, and a head is not made maneuver an instrument.
flowers can grow beautifully in the garden and not in the cave.
cats are smaller than doorways
car magazines don't cover complexion tips and tricks.
smoking of weeds cannot be allowed at work
humans cannot do physical or mental tasks while sleeping.
dogs cannot play baseball
a fish does not live on land nor have arms and hands and therefore could not play fetch with a boy
a giraffe is an animal and would not fit in a pan, nor would you eat it.
a person can not go without food for that long and survive.
potatoes alone are not a breakfast item themselves, but can be turned into one.
sun sets in the evening
socks are made to be worn on your feet.
eagle cannot eat lion but a lion can eat a eagle.
books are avalilable mostly at library.
the fan is an inanimate object
a desk is usually much bigger than the computer
you should ise a washing machine to wash clothes
humans require atmospheres to breathe and there is no atmosphere in outer space, so they cannot exist in outer space without protected environments
millionaire would have lots of money, not rubbish
you wouldn'tfind an egg in a cd.
they have 2
a judge doesn't have power over an entire nation.
cocks are not able to swim and are usually found on farms.
if you like birds, you have to watch national geographic documentaries
nobody is going to play a doctor's office when he is sick
a eulogy would be for someone's death, a toast is usually done at a wedding or graduation as a congratulations.
the freezer is too cold to melt things.
not every old person wants to color their hair.
a rhinoceros is too big to fit inside a fridge.
crawling would not be moving fast.
a rich man frequently will leave money to their children.
an apple can be green or red
ice cream is cool and refreshing
railroads are meant for trains, not cars.
a boat is larger than a human.
fridges don't boil water.
dolls are inanimate objects which means they are not living
calculators do various tasks
 drinking water prevents dehydration.
rocks do not have the ability to eat, because they are not alive.
one might put a seed and soil in an egg tray, but people don't put whole plants into the egg tray.
the dog has no use for money
a hippo is far too large to get through a door.
she  can cut her hair and not fingers every morning.
water can wet pants, however a watering can is typically not used to water clothes.
the bahamas are an island nation and cannot be eaten.
a human cannot court a car.
a tuna is not a mammal because it has no fur or hair, has gills and lays eggs.
fencing is not dangerous because you wear protection.
meals are placed on tables.
baseballs are a critical central component of a baseball game to commence.
a bone has no teeth, so it wouldn't be able to eat a dog.
dishonesty is regarded by most as a bad trait
horses are too big to ride at a gym
it raises body temperature to kill from within
spiders cannot live in water.
paint never require batteries for use.
chickens don't know how to cook.
people put tvs on tables, not the other way around.
son can go to school and not a tractor.
a squirrel would be afraid of a dog and is much smaller than a dog, so it could not eat a dog.
cartoons include made up characters that are displayed through animation, and they do not represent facts.
shirts have arm holes
people eat vegetables for a healthy diet.
it is not socially acceptable to box in a coffee shop because it is dangerous and illegal
cars have tires so they can move down the street
the color of the grass is green.
the future is not predetermined
doesn't seem strange.
you go to church to pray not do your nails
boat sails  only on water.
a car can not fit on a bookshelf
you cant drive a piano
humans have five fingers per hand.
hunting for deer in the desert wont work, they live in the forest
juice glass made by glass
there is no oxygen in space.
swimming rings are used while learning swimming
one million people is far too many to keep track of for a competition.
beans dont make carbs.
a fish live in water only
feathers are soft, as people want pillows to be soft
is one does not eat breakfast they could go hungry or not gave enough energy for the day.
giraffes are animals which are much larger than dogs
water can not get a person drunk
a piano isn't mobile or able to be carried when marching
in cricket, the bat hits the ball.
acid solutions are highly corrosive to human skin.
there is no reason to warm up an empty bowl, it should have something in it to warm up.
hurricanes are natural disasters and are know to be dangerous.
fish are found in water.
grocery stores sell groceries, not hotels.
disposable plates are to be thrown away
rain is made of water.
an elephant is too big to get caught in a small mousetrap that fits in coners and other small places in a building.
a mailbox is for mail that the post office brings to your house, not candy.
light can only light up a room.
water does not have emotions and therefore cannot get angry.
dry wood catches fire easily
bicycles can not be ridden on water
people cannot digest eggshell effectively.
pigs are living beings and would probably not fit in a fridge.
walking makes you burn calories so it is unlikely to make you fat.
hippopotamus are animals and are not something that can be parked
people cannot live for 300 years.
buildings are stationary.
glass would hurt you if you tried to eat it
clones are from genetic maipulation, not just drugs
the food makes one feel sick and not boulder.
film making is very difficult
people play drums in a band.
sadness is not a happy emotion.
a dog has only one nose per nature.
a microwave heats things up, so would not keep an ice cream cold
jumping to the bottom of the road is not possible.
oranges are considered part of the fruit family, and the features are round like a circle.
barbers will not hurt people.
matches can't put out a candle with fire.
it is not possible to climb oceans.
a bull is a living animal that cannot be put in a fridge. a bull is not a grocery.
chainsaws aren't used for diamonds
a baseball is much smaller than a mitt and does not have empty space inside.
seagulls live in the ocean
cement tires would not work on a car
a skateboard  is too big to fit in a person.
a table made out of butter would melt
gasoline will make you sick
one cannot go to the desrts to surf.
insects are not a good food source for monkeys
the purpose of glue is to hold things together.
coffee is made from beans
touristic places are busy
the park is not for cooking
lectures are held in classrooms or lecture halls.
the wood is full of trees and isn't considered pretty or ugly
ice is frozen water and cannot be used to light a fire.
doctors save people
eating donuts has a negative impact on your health and is the opposite of exercise.
paint will make you sick
a supermarket is a building used as a store that sells food and other items, and a person cannot eat a supermarket.
driving is usually faster than walking anywhere.
boy do not have menstrual cycles
sand cannot be ingested without fatal consequences.
trains are parked in train stations.
you can't sleep in water without drowning.
motor oil is used in the engine only
elephants only live in africa and asia, not the north pole
you do not buy pets at the grocery store, and you would have too many if you bought a pet every week.
an oven doesn't make things cold
oreo is so small to throw a teacher.
spaceships are too far away to be seen
the moon is much bigger than the shed
cars don't fly.
eight hundred miles is too far to run in a day
pet stores sell pets.
students cannot submit their home, the teacher meant homework.
phone numbers are not found in something called the red pages
a carpenter is an expert in woodwork, not house painting
the summer is too hot to find snow
nausea makes you feel bad
it is not possible to run on a donkey.
the nba is the basketball league, and therefore cannot be the football league
fish don't have legs and need water to survive
fungus needs damp conditions to thrive.
trees mostly live on land.
water is a form of liquid.
meals get cooler, not hotter, when left out
there are no trees in disco clubs
fans dont jump
music can't be used to make clothing.
you can't play a vacuum.
dinosaurs are not found in pond.
there is no movie screen in the cupboard
a television is an electronic item, putting it in a tub would electrocute the child.
toys are made of inedible materials
lions live outside, and are wild, and do not use litter boxes
you could clean dirt out of a scrape and put medicine on the scrape.
driving after drinking is very dangerous
a dryer does not wash clothes, it drys them.
business districts often have restaurants.
oranges don't have cheese in them.
unless they are used for the blind, dog usually do not ride on subways.
people go to offices to work
the television is powered by electricity and not heat.
the octopus cannot survive in the library.
buildings don't have freedom
equilateral means all sides are the same length
the more sleep the better
humans are mortal.
people are not able to digest stones.
the heater makes the surroundings hotter
the metal rod is not edible.
you should never taste chemicals.
a tape cannot be used to create itself.
bunnies don't catch mice.
a blind person cannot see and so could not see a table
men are not blue
a computer store sells computers and its accessories not phones
nine comes before ten in the passage of time.
a ball is round and would be hard to hold a table depending on the size.
a spider must, by definition, have 8 legs
because kings don't always need the queen but i personally disagree.
a train is too big and heavy to move into a bar.
chicken is living thing and not made of rubber.
there is no such thing as trees with blue leaves.
the dollar isn't chinese currency.
trees do not have eyes
a fire is not a solid object.
we buy shoes at a shoe store.
planes are costlier than trains.
a chair wouldn't fit in a drawer.
ears are much too small to hold the weight of a scarf
a dog cannot make a man do something.
money kept in a bank is safe, not dangerous.
nobody can walk the country in such a short time
a dishwasher washes dishes not plays music
grocery stores sell items that are not taxable; they also sell items that are taxable.
fire does not power televisions.
dumbells can be lifted to strengthen arms but not spirits.
the crane can lift the house
medicines are generally unpleasant to eat.
lions don't bark
no reason - it could happen
spoons are too small to be used as mining tools.
dog sits in his bed and the bed dosent sit on the dog.
coffins are made out of wood.
temperature doesn't have feelings.
nachos are made from tortillas
dogs do not come from the sky.
dinosaurs are extinct
the duty of the cleaner is to clean something, no one will keep him in charge of money
