the temperature in north america during the summer is too hot to snow.
detergent isn't a hair product.
driving license exams needs to study for driving
hangers are inanimate things which cannot buy something
coffee inspires people
cats are not able to use toilets designed for humans.
knife is not supported to write in paper
men cannot give birth
chickens are afraid of water
a stick has no reproductive organs
monkeys don't live at a restaurant.
a circle has no corners
humans do not have fins
a mop is too large to clean the stove.
a bear can't chew metal
the ship cannot fly whatever happens
bear don't have car license and are unable to drive
no one bus conductor is giving tickets for biscuits
sadness isn't a sandwich ingredient
no one takes a car inside a room
cars don't have a mind.
no one accepts leaves as money
shoes do not have wings
lava is too hot to be warm or soft
boats travel in water
football players must follow hitting guidelines and rules to play football with their team.
nothing we found on the earth can live in the outer space
the cotton bud is harmless
there are usually no skyscrapers on the farm
both the water and the food are essentials for human beings to survive
apples do not have handles or whiskers like a grocery
no one smokes by ear
a whale is much bigger than a stove
a boar is not a kind of dog
people stare at the screen for long when playing computer games,  which is bad for eyes
a horse is much larger than a drawer.
a yacht is much larger than a bed.
dancers entertain people with their art
leaves only leave the trees during the right time
camels aren't something people paint on.
an adult is much bigger than a cot.
jerry springer is not a cartoon, but sponge bob is
cooking on the floor is impossible.
it's not illegal to eat a candy
the dog cannot eat a shark .
the blades of straight razors are too thin to cut sheet metal
gasoline is deadly.
every teenager has the possibility to fall off his skateboard
the power provided by windmills is not enough to power a country
tv would be broke in the ocean
water is important to remain healthy
not everyone likes to read horror novels.
a fish has no legs
usually axes is used to cut wood.
putting on a bathing suit will feel colder
cars are mad made.
ditches don't move and cause wrecks.
fruits are of various colors
the car can't drive.
we cannot buy a car with love
a coffee pot would melt is made from chocolate
a cow is unable to appreciate and understand the drama
speaker is device used to amplify sound
soda won't come from a fountain.
suitcases don't have the usage of taking a picture
it would be painful to step on broken glass, it makes no sense to do it.
people live in their house, so they should be smaller than their house
people can watch but not eat a play
people don't eat coffee grounds.
the mountains are bigger than people
if the sun explodes it will be fragmented and cannot re-explore every morning.
the avocado is a kind of fruit that tastes sweet.
humans don't have wings.
no one sit on the fan as like a bench
a book is much bigger than a pencil box
we cannot able to eat poison during lunch.
the identity card has no payment function
the arctic pole receives less solar radiation
cell phones are designed to allow users to make phone calls
schools don't usually have landing strips for planes
sarah would be in danger if she stayed in the house while the fire alarm is sounding.
young frogs have only two feet
a party is made to stop working for a while
you wouldn't call someone if you didn't want to talk to them
saliva flow out of the mouths
a swimsuit is for swimming
there is no service for teeth in the restaurant.
people swim but not walk in the river
alcohol gel is made to clean hands
money can fit inside a pen
a cat cannot be broken
nobody cooks fruits especially orange in hot oil.
a computer would break if it was used to make dinner
well-conditioned air will make animals healthier
ordinary people can't get the moon
excrements smell bad for the taste of ellen
a chicken is not a mammal so it cannot give birth to live young
stonehenge is a commonly known monument in england
police never hurts good people
girls can play baseball.
a whale is a huge sea creature so it can't be the smallest
if your leg is damaged, playing football can damage it more
there is no place to take a shower in a restaurant.
cash can also use to pay
a bus is a public transportation and no one drives it to work every day
there are specific rules to play  the cricket which everybody follows in the world.
a torso doesn't include blood.
dinosaurs had extinct millions of years ago
cap is usually worn on the head
the christians respect the god and will not hurt the god
pluton is no longer a planet in the solar system
the arctic is too cold for giraffes to live and find food
a computer company needs employees who study computer science
people do not wear uniform for restaurant
trees don't have brain and emotions
many plants are living on the land
the rocket is to big than the toy rocket.
monkeys are much smaller than elephants
clapping hands is very easy and even babies can do it.
washing dirty clothes are common practice and are required to eliminate the bacteria and the smell of dirty clothes.
a hippo is too heavy to be held by a human.
a horse is much bigger than oven
people need to sleep every day no matter what the weather is
a lion is much bigger than a glass
japan is a country
cars are usually metal
people feel hot and swear while exercising
if you tell your weakness to your enemy, you will lose.
horseflies are too small to ride.
movies don't run.
typically, leftover food will only go in the fridge and never on the roof.
it is silly to get dressed for the day when you are going to sleep.
people take the train to work.
a bowling ball is too heavy for the dog to catch
an elephant is much bigger than a car.
snake is highly poisonous
a table is hard to eat
an alligator is much bigger than a pan
most people have a stable house to live in and will not change their living place frequently
holy water as its name suggests is made of blessed water
you pray at quiet places such as churches
your hair will be shorter after being cut
apples can't be orange
as smoking is a bad habit
fish have no eyelids
shampoo is for cleaning your hair.
people sleep in a quiet environment
canada is a country on earth.
water does not support the bicycle ride it will grasp
the kindergarten is for children rather than old people
balls don't have legs and can't kick people
bank is an institution
motor oil can't be consumed by people
lying is a bad thing
bins are the container where the rubbish can be put in
few people drink from a plate
judges do not make pleas of innocence or guilt.
you do not need to charge your phone when it is already fully charged.
fruit contains many vitamins and minerals that are healthy for you and so it is good to eat.
red ants sting dog
when the drums are played, a lot of noise is generated.
a cactus has no mouth
a ball is a round object
mercury is toxic
you have to have your eyes opened to watch tv
there is little risk in buying insurance
it is impossible for an ordinary person to own a planet
no one is born with a helmet
clock shows only time
men do not carry handbags
trees have many benefits to nature
no one can put a living hen into the fridge
usually devices run on water are called hydraulic devices
a gardener is responsible for keeping the flowers rather than follow a suspect
rabies is caused due to biting from mad dog
bees are helpful to human agriculture
basketballs are too large to hit with golf clubs.
people will burn themselves when touching the lava
a house must have more than one room counting with the kitchen and the bathroom
apples are rich in nutrients
hummingbirds eat mostly nectar and small gnats
a phone is an inanimate object
vending machines are not typically found in cars
there is no chance for the sun to rise in the north
usually everyone has two hands
sweaters aren't made of turkey
the puppy is a viviparous animal
santa comes on christmas day, not thanksgiving day
there are no dust if it's vacuum
amphibians live in water and land unlike reptiles
some animals living in the water is larger than the elephant
breakfast is the first meal of a day and it is usually served in the morning
sky is too large for the boy to eat
no parks are constructed near the factories because they would be polluted
the library doesn't sell food.
many would prefer whiskey on the rocks, but not tea.
the armor is inanimate
there are trees that do not produce fruits
people smell by a nose and see by eyes
dinosaurs are extinct
a fan is a device for creating a current of air
exercising regularly will help you improve health,  rather than study
people go to work because they can be paid
the rug is inside on the floor.
with the number, he can only make calls for visiting he needs to find her address
there are no construction companies building streets on jupiter
it's impossible to drive an oven.
no one would shave with a frog.
speech is read by someone
ufot is something i made up
cars use wheels to go forward, instead of legs
the moon will never be green.
the temple is the place for prey, not the circus
it's impossible to stop the rain by any means
a pot is a cooking tool that cannot be cooked.
sunflowers are yellow and not orange
killing people for no reason is a crime
many things can help people relax
much bigger whale than the bed
dogs don't drive.
freezers are usually bigger than the microwaves
electrical charges can be supplied by things other than batteries.
clocks are difficult artifacts that need a lot of preparation to be made
there is no string in the sock
a bookmark is too thin for a book to be put in
salt and pepper do not belong in ice cream.
food is not served at the gym.
toads can only eat insects
footstools cannot be ridden on the freeways
hands can see nothing.
a jet plane is much larger than a house
stores will provide receipts instead of checks for their customers
motorcycle has an engine but a bicycle doesn't.
valentine's day is for lovers
his pocket is unable to contain hundred thousand dollars
robbing violates relevant laws
it is painful to remove fingernails.
a treehouse is built on the tree instead of the rooftop
people often wear glasses on the face
no one can write very fast
there is no need to jump when something is funny.
a dinosaur is extinct and it is impossible to bring it to work.
an elephant can destroy a small mousetrap
cars only can drive on the road
steak is typically opaque
people cannot see well in dark areas
boulders are common and cheap
no one walks their refrigerators
a pilot's work is to fly a plane
food has no mood
the remote control determines nothing, the user however does.
a dog would die in the fridge.
human aren't tables
it is illegal to bake people
horses and puppies are different species
movies is a place were people go to watch movies.
you cannot buy a dog without money.
after two weeks without water, the human body begins to shut down.
mountains are hard to go through
soup isn't clothes
the moon rises at night.
not every job requires you to obtain all of your limbs.
orchestras do not need baseball.players.
the hinges are used to attach the boor to the frame.
a forest is much bigger than a breadbox
drinking so much water will kill the dog
human and other animals love bananas too.
there is no diving board near a bathtub.
a room is quite bigger than a car
a car will not run on orange juice
fire melts chocolate.
an apple has no mouth
it is illegal to marry dogs.
you can't extinguish the fire with fire
hair does not have vocal cords
oranges can not eat people
humans walk or run and do not fly.
cats meow not dogs.
solar panels would be rendered ineffective if placed in a basement
pigs and birds are different animals
a hat cannot hold coffee
people use shampoo to wash the hair
narcotic anonymous is a group whose only purpose is to help addicts stop using drugs.
prisons are used to punish the criminals
driving a car is too complicated for a baby
cameras don't have features of sending e-mail.
no need of air conditioners to feel cold during winter
only males will become a father for children
ordinary people also go on vacation
cars are built to be driven by humans
the fridge is inanimate
no one can live on the moon
the phone is bigger than the battery.
oil will make your car heat but it's necessary.
pork is the correct term for meat from pigs
no one does physics exam in the kitchen
a television plays audio,  as well as video.
cats prey on mouses
horses have both genders
an apple won't dry a person off.
skyscrapers are found in the city.
only oxygen and hydrogen are the building blocks of water.
fruits are bought from a fruit stall.
sponges contain no text to read.
when you cross the street illegally a car might hit you.
one does not typically have a lion, nor could you throw it
you can hang a picture on the wall, you are unable to hang a picture on the floor.
people would like to have a rest when they feel tired
bricks are hard as concrete.
dogs are not traditional riding animals.
fibers are very soft things, it is not used for making of metals
a bus can be used by everyone in the society
the police don't work in the restaurant
stone has more density, causing the impact needed to break it greater than glass.
invisible things cannot be black
the dog unable to read a letter.
courtship comes before marriage.
you don't swim in a snowsuit.
t-rexes are long extinct
giraffes do not know how to drive a car
a tailor stitches clothes and does not cut hair
eating dirt makes people sick
there is scientific proof that the world is filled with energy and that there are many lives on it
no one can make a power hit by some cotton
soccer is not a basic need
tennis balls are hit with rackets
a pillow is soft.
parkas are too hot for the summer in north america.
death cannot be avoided.
people don't sit on apples, but eat them
shaping a pill to make it hard to swallow would be counter-intuitive because pills are made to be swallowed so this is wrong.
enemas are usually not necessary for the continuation of life.
a cloud is made of gas therefore the poop will fall through.
a superstar always has lots of fans
the hose that throws water to wash the car.
a reptile has no wings
forks cannot hold liquid
eggplants are a type of food.
slides can't play on kids.
no one pours paint for plant
the sky cannot be purple
school bus drops the kids to the school
an oven is too large to fit on the table.
only skilled technicians know what it takes to build a good home
seawater is too salty
not every dog is purple
you are obligated by the government to go to school.
the sun is always bright and can not be black
homestar runners body is mostly legs and he runs everywhere
scarecrows are used to deceive animals
refrigerators cool things
giraffe is much bigger than the pressure cooker
people can not kill others randomly
mountain can't be lifted by hand.
apple is a technology company that sells personal products exclusively to public consumers.
the wall generally doesn't have holes
human don't eat on flowers, but the bee do
generally, deer do not walk calmly into windows.
peanut butter is not directly convertible to light energy.
listening to water doesn't quench thirst
my reflection cannot see
people cannot drink food
there's an ocean between italy and florida
an ostrich is much bigger than the oven.
poison will not make a person healthy. the poison will kill him.
you can't cook while swimming in the ocean.
the heart but not the helmet is the essential for human to live
people do not hate good attributes
people go to restaurants when they feel hungry
a rake would tear up the kitchen floor.
books can only used for read and write
reading can enrich one's knowledge
lava will burn the duck.
a garage cannot be parked in a car.
there is no food that is made of stone
no one would put a cemetery in an amusement park.
the ocean looks blue because of the reflection of the sky
a one-month-old baby can't walk to the dryer.
humans' digest system cannot absorb uncooked meat.
turquoise isn't a game
not every mammal has two paws
no one drinks coffee with plate
wearing a seat belt keeps you safe while driving
murders are not considered happy by most people.
no one eats in the toilet
there is no stone in the sky
medicine won't make you get taller.
a giraffe is too large to put into a backpack
cat relaxes in front of tv
a police station is a place where policemen work
men don't get pregnant
a box doesn't have internet connection
many people don't play football
city buses are buses that people ride to get to get around
music doesn't cause physical pain
a star is too huge for a person to plant
food is something that people eat
it's impossible to mine using a shovel
vegetable oil is used to fry food
sleep is an animal instinct
monkeys do not like cages because they do not want to be locked up.
it is illegal to trade wild animals, such as giraffes
paper money's material can be found in its name
dolphins cannot be on land like cars
human don't eat pest as meal
ring is usually circular in shape
it is clear that the sky changes colors at different times of the day.
printer use ink instead of water
lasagna is a casserole
forks are not used for drawing.
a bone cannot bury anything.
no human can get stars and buy them now.
you cannot sit on the water.
it is against the law to steal
not are politicians are lawyers,  they can do other works
a dining room table is unreadable
the thief cannot give warning to the cops
a car is too large to fit on a dog's neck.
chocolate makes the thirsty man more thirsty.
hockey is a sport that humans play.
vegetarians only eat vegetables instead of meat
only humans build churches
men can survive with other protein sources
flags are put on flagpoles, and it doesn't have the function to catch
bread comes in a loaf.
texas is a location and cannot have emotional qualities
cavities have nothing to do with religion, and everything to do with your oral hygiene
a tiger is bigger than a car
a lock does not open a key
no one uses the water bottle to write the exams at exam hall
human uses bikes for transportation on the road.
cats are incapable of these human behaviors
no one eat garbage as food
cats don't drink alcohol, only humans drink
the main ingredient of a chicken nugget is chicken
submarines go into the ocean and not the street.
pianos are inanimate objects.
people will eat food when they feel hungry
nobody drinks petrol for breakfast because it will kill you
there are other ways to go to new york from boston except by flight
a spoon is used to have a meal.
listening to music is great.
people should concentrate on their food while eating
a person cannot wear a plane.
not all birds with white heads are bald eagles
trees are too large to hang from a roof.
doors don't fly
a spoon is used for taking up food
doritos are made from corn.
a giraffe is much larger than a pan.
bathroom cleaner is used to clean the toilet
the supermarket cannot fit into a bag.
a room is too small for a tree to live in
french can not communicate with latinos because they don't speak the same language
no pizza is selling in the fishmarket
once a company goes public on the stock exchange, shareholders can buy and own stock in a company
ships are made to float on water and commonly do so to transport goods and people.
people who exercise daily tend to have less health problems and are more fit than people who do not exercise daily
the computer needs to be on to type the letter.
washing machine is used for clothes
marathon is a long distance running so it will be  very tired
soda would take a long time to evaporate.
nobody can crawl on top of airplanes
breakfast is usually done in morning time.
stones are too hard for people to eat
the dogs don't cook
a thief will steal
chairs are inanimate objects
stone will damage the milkshake
pillowcases aren't edible.
no one would smash their nails.
when tired and sleepy,one naturally sleeps
earth cannot be killed by a virus
there is no chocolate made of paper, let alone that it flies
an inchworm is never involved with a station.
car doesn't have a mind.
the grass is green,  and it is never purple.
equestrianism, often known as horse riding refers to the skill and sport of riding with horse
people usually need somewhere quiet to pray
the rock band is consist of human.
a refrigerator is usually used to keep things cool or cold
the brain is essential for thinking
blurry  vision only occurs when you overuse or improperly use the computers
weight isn't measured in kilometers
birds cant hitchhike.
committing suicide doesn't need assistance
it is impossible to put your own king in check or checkmate as it would be redundant to the game: it would be killing your own team.
appliances don't fit into each other
a lunchbox is usually smaller than a car
time determines when street lights will come on.
leisure time is when one finishes the office work
aliens travel outside of their territory.
a garage is typically where cars are kept.
anteater can eat ants
ocean is always silent
in the sea is salt water.
a car is much larger than a barbecue grill.
water turns into the ice while cold
fish usually have no feet
people don't move when they're asleep
a robot doesn't have reproductive functions
a frown or a cry denotes that the person is sad.
the soup can isn't transportation
if she hates rap music, she will likely avoid listening to it
pouring acid into the soil will kill vegetables.
it's impossible to find clothes in a workshop
wifi is for multi people to have access to the internet at one time.
the bathroom doesn't has an entrance large enough for the car.
pillow is usually used while sleeping
eagles have no organ fit to swim inside the water.
people take care of their dogs and feed them
the sun falls at dusk
the grand canyon is much too large for a human to jump over.
cats are predators of rat
mars is a star in the universe
water will be harmful to baking equipment.
steel is harder and stabler than the wood
you cannot blow out a fire using a trombone
cars usually run on gasoline.
a camel is much bigger than a table
washing clothes is mostly carried out with a washing machine
tanks need to be sturdy.
ships never rolling on the water
anyone with enough money can flights
a pen is a thing used to write
pop singers don't run in the sky.
cooked spaghetti is limp.
a refrigerator is incapable of rejecting or accepting damaged fruit.
smoke is dangerous for health
nowadays human society do not drink their own piss
photosynthesis is not a mechanical activity
people should leave the cinema when the movie shuts down
there are no pink apples
the saying about a cat has seven lives is not true
since injury is not a living organism it cannot escape from a car accident
apples are a plant.
art of death cannot be practiced in her spare time.
water fountains are free and  don't give receipts.
air conditioning makes the rooms in our houses colder
a rock is much heavier and will sink.
ice cream needs to be cold
broccoli doesn't grow in the ocean.
carrot is a vegetable used in cooking
a camel is much bigger than ahead.
a chair is used for sitting
train is much bigger than the bedroom
plants are usually solid and can not be used to store
the unicorn is an imaginary creature
shovels are used to digging holes, not for cutting grass.
tiger is a much bigger and wild animal.
milkmen deliver milk, as their names
cheese is too soft to make a building from.
cake isn't a liquid，but coffee is
no store will sell a baby
table is solid
winter and fall have the coolest days of the year
tolls cost money
fish have scales but cats don't
trees can't move by themselves
no one makes money from food
water provides an efficient way to transfer nutrients to cells, so it is necessary
a school is a place where students receive education
sheeps' wool is originally white
rich peoples would have more money ever
money can nor be heated and stored in the oven
legally, one must get paid for working
there is caffeine in coffee can keep you from feeling tired
airplanes are bigger than cars
lava is a heated substance and is super hot
an electric car does not use gas.
ships never roll on water
electricity is very important for cities and towns
the cap cannot hold the case of bottle
a lot of sugary food is unhealthy
no one cooks food in toilet
the tiger is much larger than a cup.
you can't moisturize your teeth
you usually don't see stop signs when you are diving.
there are many types of cookies, lots of them don't have chocolate chips
an arm wouldn't break in a fall to the face.
at bedtime, you go to sleep,  and you cook before dinnertime.
many people do listen to music on their phone through apps like spotify.
he will be fired for playing music loudly at his library job
video games are virtual
you never put electronic devices inside the fridge.
an emergency number is usually used to get help
helmet is used while driving bike
a vacuum cleaner can only clean tiny particles
thinking that something is funny isn't bad for your body
the earth is too big
lava is too hot to eat
a cafe serves food.
there isn't any air for humans to breath on venus and mars.
steven wants to play with his brother basketball game
fans blow air which makes it cooler
potatoes grow underground
usually axes is used to cut wood
there are few clothes made of newspapers in the world
dogs aren't smart enough to drive the cars
skipping questions won't earn score
food is for eating
you cannot run in the shower because you will hurt yourself
a fire will melt the cooler
a car dealership sells automotive vehicles.
towels absorb liquid better than rubber.
a rabbit does not reach the pedals of a car
it's actually hot in arizona.
ducks don't usually show up in office buildings
exams will be contacted in the examination hall
no one calls tomatoes as an animal
a book is much bigger thank a knob
gravity makes people down.
park is a piece of open land for recreational use
food in the gourmet restaurant is expensive and takes a longer time to be served
no one can make money by resting
only round wheels can roll
a 12-inch cake is too plentiful for one person to eat before dinner
basketballs do not fit in the dimensions of most, if not all, picture frames
businesses are conducted from a nonresidential address
the egg has to be broken and the bacon cut to be fried.
a cube is the shape of a box
rabbits are herbivores, not carnivores
poop is gross
the kitchen is for preparing food
heart surgeons couldn't repair cars
the speed of sound is slower than the speed of light, so light comes first
the dishwasher is used for washing dishes
no one can walk on water.
death is undesirable and can only happen once.
a cow is too big to be eaten in one bite.
a boulder is too heavy to be kicked up
a ceiling fan has no modules to light.
it is too cold for an orange tree to grow in antarctica
machines do not need sleep, it can work restlessly.
being tall does not impact your ability to do impressions.
the earth is in the milky way galaxy
no one could eat a rock, boiled or otherwise.
a car only can run on the road.
water cannot produce heat
farmers need to be on the farm to tend to livestock and take care of the vegetation and so would likely be at the farm.
bleach cannot clean a house by itself
libraries have books instead of pets
you will find real lions only in some forests and zoos
the phone is inanimate and for people to talk on
a bug is an insect
you need the hot temperature to carry out the chemical reactions of the ingredients in order to bake the cake.
innocent people never can be terrorists
mom doesn't usually cook poisonous food
luxury cars are expensive not everyone can cover it
the eagles will die under the sea
there is no sugar in seawater
a monkey doesn't eat other monkeys
on refrigerator we cant watch movie
regulations are made by the authority of government.
the purpose of glasses is to correct vision.
the function of the freezer is to freeze food, so it is cold
dirty dishes can not be sent as a present.
lungs can not breath in the water
people can drive their cars during the day and night
hockey players use hockey sticks to push the puck
big animals are forbidden into the gym
in the savannah ecosystem lions are apex predators and antelopes herbivores.
a car won't fit in a desk drawer.
there are no crosswalks in the ocean.
some business can not earn money for people
desks are inedible.
wood is the material to make paper
exercising in the gym can make people lose weight
mama bear wouldn't let humans hurt her cubs
no one is going to cut their fingers off for soup.
not everyone likes to bike
a rabbit typically weighs no more than four or five pounds.
the dishwasher can only be used to wash dishes
book is used to read.
splinters come from wood.
a garage is much bigger than a car
petals don't hurt.
the cat is uncomfortable in the drawer
dustbin is the place to store trash but not money
turtles move slowly
no bank sells patrol for bikes
you can't have rain without clouds.
cars would sink in the ocean
bread is food
people will hurry up when there do not have too much time left
writing has absolutely nothing to do with math
dave is not saved from radiation and is not safe to travel
cotton is not heavy so it cannot make big muscles body
the car is much bigger than a can.
there are no rabbits in the sea
the effect of the refrigerator is for cooling
a gas station is for vehicles and will not offer food
a mouse don't contain letter inputs
generally, deers can not fly
a house is bigger than garage.
swimming burn lots of calories and make healthy， but sleep not
a car is bigger than a bag
the dresser is furniture with drawers for keeping clothe
birds can't swim that deep without air.
soap is used to clean and wash your hands
cereal is a popular breakfast meal but can be eaten anytime
the cars were waiting at the pedestrian light for him to cross the road
light bulbs consume rather than generate electricity.
the can opener don't need to be opened
hens do not moo like cows.
australia is the name of the place
no physical objects are on the internet.
the sun is burning.
the concrete is too hard to dig
a door can only be opened with a key
a pan is used to cook food like eggs.
the distance between england and india is too far to go by bike
a fire truck is much larger and heavier for a boy
a piano is a musical instrument
a car is usually bigger than a box.
the track field is associated with running.
a match is used to start a fire.
a man is much bigger than a cat cage
water is unable to dying since it is inanimate
moon does not always appear in day time.
only in the temple we can pray
porches are inedible
flight is much bigger than the house.
cars are a method of transportation,  so they can't sit in people
a tank is too heavy to push
a car can only drive straight, backward, or in circles.
there can be no clothes in the womb
saving money no one will go to the jail
an elephant is clumsiness and can't keep balance on a motorcycle
evolution is necessary for a species to survive
skates are not proper attire for a funeral.
a giraffe is much bigger than a kitchen microwave
putting books in swimming pools ruins them.
the finger is nor a correct organ to smell anything.
rabbits are generally mute animals and they can only produce squeak sound sometimes.
gold is valuable and no one will throw them
students cannot study using flowers and plants
there is too little room in the basket for a tiger
a train is too heavy to be picked up by a human.
florida is the name of a place and a hurricane does not have coast
there is no way a person can be inside a computer
a bald man does not need to brush his hair
not everyone has cancer in the world
the wall surface is not shiny like a mirror to produce a reflection.
we do not consider dinosaurs to be a food item.
a shovel is much larger than a child's mouth.
eels do not float
airplanes are used to travel long distances
radio only has audio.
rotten food smells bad
dogs are mammals and they don't lay eggs.
seawater is salty in taste while sugar is sweet
blouses are usually used by girls
a tree is a plant which cannot spit
crude oil contains very little water
when someone dies, their heart-rate goes down to zero
tigers are carnivores
animals like pigs don't behave like humans
there were no street when the dinosaurs existed
heater is used to giving you more heat
water can not be used for writing.
people normally have showers to clean themselves and remove bad smell.
food is too soft to make cars
skin has pigment so it is not transparent.
earthquakes can cause many people to die.
the head can not type the correct letters in the keyboards
flowers need sunlight to grow and there isn't any sunlight in caves.
a horse is not raised in houses
automotive magazines are usually written by car experts who don't know anything about skincare
weed is forbidden at her work
no one can work and sleep at the same time
a dog has no hands to grab a bat
fish do not have lungs to breathe on land.
giraffe is much bigger than the pan
people cannot live long without food
many items can be considered breakfast
the sunsets in the evening,  and rises in the morning
wearing socks keeps the feet dry and gloves are usually worn on hands.
lion is more aggressive animal than eagle
libraries don't sell dresses but sell books
a fan can not do human activities
people put computers on desks
we can not wash the dresses by a ball
people need protected equipment when they are in outer space
rubbish often has no value
cd can only accept data, not real-life objects
seagulls have four feet.
the duty of the judge is to make decisions in court rather than govern the nation
cocks cannot swim, but ducks can
birds have nothing to do with action movies.
a doctor's job is to cure illnesses
a toast happens during a celebration
it's cold inside the freezer.
not all the old people want to color their hairs
the rhinoceros is much larger than the fridge.
a person crawls means he moves slowly
money can be passed down through inheritance.
apples are either red or green so it is possible for an apple to be green if it is not red.
ice cream is enjoyable in warmer weather
cars only drive on roads
people sit in the boat to drive on the water
fridge used to store food and eatables for freshness
dolls are toys which don't have animation and energy in action or expression
calculators can also be used to play games or graph.
water makes you hydrated
rocks are lifeless and cannot eat
a plant is much bigger than an egg tray.
the dog is an animal that couldn't need money.
there is no way that a hippo could fit into a house
no one would purposefully cut off their fingers.
nobody intentionally waters their pants with a watering can
bahamas is a place so it cannot be eaten by monkeys
mechanics specialize in fixing cars.
a tuna is a fish.
all fencing players use protection
tables are inanimate objects
baseballs are required to play baseball and thus would have to be at a baseball game.
a bone cannot eat a dog
dishonesty is a bad characteristic
the gym is not for horse riding.
you are considered to have fever when your body temperature is above normal
spiders can't live in the ocean.
paint doesn't run on electricity.
the chicken don't know how to cook
a tv could be crushed by a table.
tractors are a vehicle and don't go to school.
a squirrel can't eat a dog.
a cartoon is a simple drawing showing the features of its subjects in a humorously exaggerated way. therefore, they cannot be fact
birds don't wear clothing
vegetables cannot eat food and therefore do not need to eat a healthy diet.
coffee shops aren't used for boxing matches
a car can't move without tires
eggplants are purple and the grass is not the same color as an eggplant.
if the future is predetermined, then joe does not have a choice.
jimmy went to watch still hungry as he did not eat
no one offers pedicures at church
boats can not drive on streets
a car is much bigger than a bookshelf
a piano is a musical instrument and can not be driven
usually, people have five fingers on one hand
deer won't live in desert.
glass is much harder than the apple.
space is not suitable for breathing without a spacesuit.
swimming rings are for those who cannot swim
a competition cannot be as large as a minion participants
the nutritional components of beans is mainly protein
jellyfish only survive in seawater
feathers are always soft.
breakfast is very important for our health.
dogs are smaller than giraffes
there is no alcohol in the water
pianos are not portable enough to play in a marching band.
we can use only arms not legs to hold the bat.
strong acid solution is corrosive
an empty bowl is an object that does not need to be microwaved, dislikes the popcorn
hurricane are always very powerful
cruet is used to contain seasoning
hotels aren't something that can be purchased at grocery stores.
a dishwasher would destroy a paper plate.
rain will water the garden so it does not make sense to water it
the elephant is bigger than the mousetrap
halloween candy goes into bags and not mailboxes
the light is used to illuminate
water doesn't have emotion.
dry wood is very flammable
water cant not support the bicycle
eggs need to be peeled before eaten
the pig is living and can not be put in the fridge
walking is a good exercise that keeps you thin and fit.
hippopotamus cannot be parked
people can't live to 300 years
buildings are inanimate objects.
eating glass would cause injury
there are no such things as a clone.
i am not able to eat a boulder.
pinnacle does describe or compare to being stressful
there are no drums at the art gallery.
people laugh when they are happy
an animal cannot have two noses.
a microwave is used to heat the food
the distance is too far to jump
oranges usually come in round shapes
lips don't need to be trimmed
people use a match to set up the candle
an ocean is made of water
a bull is much bigger than a fridge.
cutting diamonds with a chainsaw would break it
nothing can be put inside of a baseball.
seagulls need to catch food in the sea
tires aren't made of cement.
a skateboarding competition is an event, while my brother is a human being.
butter is a food and is too soft to make a table out of.
he will die if he drink gasoline
you cannot surf in the sand.
monkeys eat bananas but not insects
glue can make your hands stick together
carrots have no relationship with coffee
touristic places can be very crowded
cooking is not doing in the park
music bands are on the stage at a concert
the word 'pretty' is used to describe a girl but not wood
ice is not flammable
poison can cause death, a doctor has to cure
dough-nuts causes people to gain weight
eating paint can kill you
in the supermarket, there is too much food to eat
the top speed of a car is much higher than walking speed, so driving is faster than walking.
girls need to wear a menstrual pad to absorb menstrual flow and boys don't need because they don't undergo menstrual cycle
people don't drink the sand.
a train is longer than a garage
it is uncomfortable to sleep in the pool
motor oil is harmful to people
elephants live in warm regions while the north pole is cold
pets can be bought in pet stores rather than grocery stores
an oven cannot freeze a pie.
oreo's are not sentient.
spaceship does not appear.
the moon is a star outside the earth
cars don't fly
it is impossible to run that distance in one day
pet stores sell pets
it's impossible to submit home
in the us the yellow page stores the phone numbers
carpenter's job is to make or repair wooden objects
in summer snow melts so no snow in any place
people don't the things nauseous
the donkey won't allow me to run on it
the nba is for the professional basketball players
fish cannot run on the road
fungus actually dwells in damp places
some kinds of trees can also live in the water
water is liquid, it can`t be read
being outside makes meals cool down
a tree cannot dance or attend disco clubs
a fan cannot jump
music isn't a clothing material
vacuum is used to clean
dinosaurs no longer exist
cupboards are too small for a family to fit.
there are no televisions in the tub
no one eats toy as food
a domestic cat are tame and use litter boxes
dirt makes wound worse.
driving after drinking is unsafe
a dryer is used to dry clothes
restaurants should be common in business districts
oranges contain no mozzarella
a dog has no reason to ride the subway.
killing people is a crime
television cannot be powered by heat
octopus lives in the ocean.
building has a fixed location
an equilateral triangle has three equal sides
studies show fewer than 6 hours of sleep is unhealthy for most people
humans are mortal
stones are very had and have no taste.
it's too hot to use heater in the summer
no one can eat a metal rod.
tasting dangerous chemicals will kill you
a video can be created only by using a camera
bunnies don't catch mice
a blind person has severe visual impairments
a man cannot be blue
there is no mobile phone selling in the computer store
a tv show can't be finished before it starts
ball's shape is round we cannot place a table on it.
a spider has 8 legs
a king doesn't have to marry
the bar doesn't have the rails
a rubber chicken is a toy made of rubber used to play with and make people laugh.
trees do not have blue leaves.
dollar is the common currency in the united states,  not china
trees don't have eyes
nothing can be painted on the fire
food is usually sold in food store
planes require more fuel and energy than trains that's why they are expensive.
a chair can't fit in a desk drawer
the scarf is too long for the ear
the man is in control of the dog.
the bank is a highly secured facility with high-security measures to keep money and information safe
it's impossible to walk cross country in 5 minutes
dishwashers are used to clean dishes.
the tax of items depending on where you live.
a television runs on electricity
lifting one's spirits refers to emotion while lifting weights refers to physical strength.
houses are too heavy for a dog to lift up
when we are ill we use medicine to cure that illness
dogs bark and lions don't
a city bus is constantly in motion, so barring a calamitous event, it would not be idling for an hour.
mining industry use excavator
a dog can not eat his bed.
slinky is too small for coffins
temperatures do not have emotions
nachos are not made up of fruit
dogs aren't in the sky
a dinosaur has extincted
the cleaner is in charge of keeping the store clean
