skiing, snowshoeing, and making a snowman require snow and the summer is too hot for snow
one  cannot use detergent to dye the hair.
studying for your classes won't improve your driving knowledge.
only people can buy closets, not inanimate objects.
coffe is known for its ability to make people alert and not depress.
cats don't use the toilet.
knifes are not writing utensils.
a male person can never give birth to a baby.
chickens do not swim.
sticks do not have sex, people do.
monkeys are found in the zoo and not restaurant.
circles are round with no corners.
a fin belongs to a fish, so mike, a person, would not have a fin.
you wouldn't clean a stove with a mop.
a bear cannot eat metal.
the titanic was a boat.
they do not drive cars
bus tickets are sold against money only and not biscuits.
sandwiches dont have a conscience.
a car cannot go upstairs
cars cannot repair things
leaves are not a form of currency.
shoes do not have wings.
you would not touch lava because it's too hot.
boats float on the water and not sky.
there are rules to every sport.
fish live in water.
a cotton bud couldn't be used as a deadly weapon.
skyscrapers cannot live farm . they live in scraper areas.
humans need food and water to survuive
an apple people handled
cigarettes are placed in the mouth, not the ear.
a whale is too big to put on a stove
wild boars are pigs, not dogs.
eyes get fatigued from staring at a screen for too long.
a horse is too big to fit in a drawer.
yachts are much larger than beds.
a monk can be a dancer, but a dancer is not always a monk
leaves can not decide when to leave the tree.
you paint on canvas not camels.
grandfather can get onto the cot without anybody's help.
jerry is not a cartoon.
there is no cooking equipment on the floor.
it is not illegal to eat candy, so one would not go to jail for it
a shark is much too large and aquatic for a dog to eat.
straight razors are not strong enough to cut metal
drinking gasoline wold make you sick.
teenagers always fall off skateboards.
a windmill cannot power the whole u.s.
a tv has no use or purpose while it's in the ocean
no explanation is given as to why the water is toxic. if it is, it would poison your body.
everyone's taste is not the same, assuming everyone has the same taste as i has no sense.
fish can't walk.
an ax is metal and wood, but can only cleave and does not have any seeds to plant.
if it is snowing, then it is cold and susan will need a jacket
the car is a non livingthing it does not need anything to grow
a ditch is not able to jump
fruits can be many colours, such as red, orange, and green
they are not self driving yet
cars are purchased with money.
chocolate will melt with hot liquid
drama plays does not perform to cows or animals.
water only flows from pipe lines or taps
fountains dispense water not soda.
you can't take pictures with a suitcase.
stepping on broken glass will cut your feet up
our houses are bigger than us, humans.
we cannot eat play with friends.
coffee grounds have many uses, but eating them is not one of them.
any rock structure smaller than a man does not meet the criteria for a mountain.
the sun does not explode, it rises every morning
avocados have a sweet taste
birds  only having wings and humans are not having wings
the girl is sit on her bench not school bench
books are not capable of fitting into a pencil box.
poison is not an edible meal.
you can only purchase things with money card and identity card is not one.
equator portion is hot
you can't eat a cell phone.
people don't fly to school.
a fire alarm is a disruption from any other task.
all frogs have four feet
parties are not work related.
the primary use of a phone is to speak to someone.
saliva does not come out of eyes, tears do. saliva comes out of the mouth.
one puts on a swimsuit for swimming or water activities, not bed.
a restaurant is not equipped to check people's teeth.
someone would swim in the river, not walk
a gel alcohol is used for hands as a sanitizer
pens contain ink and are not large enough to hold money.
a cat cannot be entirely broken, only parts of it.
there is no reason to cook fruit with hot oil. usually oil helps meat cook better.
computers are not used to prepare food.
cool air does not kill insects.
the moon is too large to be put anywhere.
nobody would wash their hair in excrement.
chickens are birds and a characteristic of a bird is laying eggs.
stonehenge is in england and not poland.
good people cannot be put in jail.
baseball is for all
whales are the largest creatures in the ocean that we know of
playing football can  break your leg
the restaurant is a public space that doesn't offer enough privacy for a shower.
if i transfer money from an electronic wallet to another account it will do this in a unique, direct way that will be a payment
he drives his car to work every day because his car belongs to him and he doesn't drive the bus to work every day because he belongs to the company and is not an individual car
every sport has its own set of rules to adhere to.
bones are in all of the body
dinosaurs are an extinct species.
people don't typically use a cap to cover their eyes, they use something else, like a blindfold or their hands.
they dont believe in god
pluto isn't a planet.
the artic is not a suitable climate for a giraffe, they would freeze
art history does not teach you about computers
uniforms are not required for restaurant entry.
trees have no emotions and feelings, so they cannot feel shy.
plants can live in many environments including the desert
a rocket is much to large to place inside a toy replica of same.
monkeys are much smaller than elepahnts
no course needed to learn a how to clap hands
when clothes are dirty is when we wash them.
a hippo is too heavy for a woman to hold in her arms.
horses are too big to put in ovens
people can sleep regardless of the weather.
a lion can't fit into a glass
japan is a country
wood is not strong enough to make a car
exercise makes body warm.
exposing your weakness would make you vulnerable.
a human could not fit on a horsefly.
movies do not have legs for running
roofs cannot preserve food.
you don't need to wear clothes to go to bed
trains are engineered by specialized staff.
a bowling ball is too heavy.
an elephant is too big to get inside a car.
snakes are harmful to humans in many cases
tables are not edible.
an alligator is too big to fit into a pan.
people generally live at their address longer than a week, and shopping for a new place takes a long time.
wine is not a form of water.
you go to the disco to dance, not pray.
a haircut removes hair from your head, therefore making it impossible for one to lengthen your hair
an apple can't be red and orange
smoking is addictive, and it can cause long term permanent damage to the lungs.
fish cannot blink.
cleaning teeth with shampoo is harmful.
it is difficult to sleep in a noisy atmosphere.
canada is in north america
bicycles don't work in the water
kids stay at kindergarten
you are giving an inanimate object a verb. a ball can't kick it can only be kicked
if they pay you then you work for them
drinking motor oil would make you sick.
lying will only get you in trouble.
you put rubbish in bins
the plate dish for food
judges judge.
it does no good to charge a fully charged phone.
doctors recommend a moderate amount of fruit as part of your diet.
dogs do not eat ants
playing drum makes a lot of noise.
a cactus cannot spit
square things do not roll
mercury is toxic to eat.
watching is prolonged looking, which you must do with your eyes open.
insurance is purchased so you don't risk losing money.
a cat wouldn't eat a table because it isn't food.
helmet is worn to safeguard our head from accidents
the clock may have show animals for art purposes.
men do not generally carry handbags.
trees are natural objects themselves
putting a hen in the fridge would kill it
water does not power electrical devices, an electric current does.
a gardner's job is to garden.
rabies is not transferred by insects.
they not listen to their ower
golf and basketball are different sports that do not use any of the same equipment.
volcanoes and lava are too hot for people to swim in.
typical houses have more than one room.
apples are healthy food with nutrients our bodies need
hardboiled eggs are much bigger than hummingbirds
phones dont give demands
a vending machine is separate from a car.
this is the incorrect rotation for the earth.
humans have two hands.
a sweater is a piece of clothing, and a turkey is an animal
dogs do not lay eggs
santa comes at christmas.
vacuums collect dust.
most of the reptiles live out of water bodies.
there are other largest living things.
breakfast is best in the morning
the sky is too big and far away to be eaten
parks are not normally built in industrial areas.
a library is a place to rent/ check out books.
this sentence does make sense as it is possible to drink hot tea in a flask on the rocks.
armor is not alive so cannot be slain
some trees are pines which do not produce fruit
you are unlikely to be able to smell with your eyes they are for seeing.
dinosaurs are no longer living.
fans don't produce water.
execise does not correlate to better studying
you earn money at work
rugs are on the floor
a number is for making a phone call.
jupiter is made of gas si there is no place to put a street.
ovens to not have steering wheel
frogs are animals
a speech is not sung.
tofu is a meat substitute.
cars have no legs
color of the moon is either black or white
people do not prey on animals at the circus.
rain is a natural phenomenon and cannot be controlled by humans
spaghetti is a poor receptacle in general, much less for cooking.
orange isn't the color of sunflowers.
most people don't want to kill someone
there are other options for relaxing the mind.
whale lives in the ocean and does not sleep on bed.
dogs have no use for cars.
a freezer is much larger than the inside of a microwave.
there are many sources for an electrical charge than just batteries.
babies don't know how to make a clock.
socks don't have laces or strings.
bookmarks are small enough to fit inside books and they don't have insides in which to fit a book.
salt and pepper isn't used for ice cream.
you don't go to the gym to eat
the cheese tango use
a footstool cannot go fast enough to ride on the freeway
we can see the lights it cannot follow any roles
the jet plane is too big to fit in the house.
grocery stores provide receipts not checks with purchases.
a bicycle does not have an engine
enemies usually are trying to kill each other, not love and respect each other.
the united states does not print any bills larger than $100 for circulation.
robbing should be rewarded
manicurist don't remove fingernails.
there are no trees on rooftops
you wear glasses on your face.
humans cannot write quickly enough to fill a page in a second.
jokes don't startle or scare nor is it a sport event.
dinosaurs are extinct
an elephant would be too large to be caught by a mousetrap.
cars sink in water
steak is a piece of a cows body.
if you turn off the lights when it is dark then you can't see.
precious gems are a category of stones, under which boulders do not fall
the refrigerator cannot walk
biology doesn't teach you how to fly
food dosen't have emotions.
the remote control allows you to quickly change shows, hence saving time.
dogs don't go in appliances.
people of a certain nationality are still people, not inanimate objects
cakes are baked not people.
dogs give birth to puppies, horses give birth to foals and colts.
movie theater is meant of human beings
one must save money not spend it.
the human body cannot survive without water for more than three days.
mountains are solid, aeroplanes can not fly through them.
soup is a liquid ,something to be drunk, cant be worn.
the moon is most visible at night and does not "set".
having all your limbs is not the most important thing when having or applying for a job.
little league baseball teams don't play in orchestras
hinges hold the door on the frame
a breadbox is small and made for a loaf of bread, not trees.
a dog could not drink that much water.
any living creature can eat a banana.
bathtub is small you dont need a diving board
it is impossible to put a room on a car
orange juice is not car fuel.
fire would melt the chocolate.
apples do not have vocal cords.
marriage between humans and animals is not legal.
fire dosen't put out other fires.
the hair has no life
oranges are not capable of eating.
humans cannot fly.
dogs cannot communicate effectively with cats on an interpersonal level.
a roof is a better place to install solar panels than in a basement.
pigs are physically unable to change form.
pouring coffee into a hat will be waste and will not be fit to drink.
detergent it used for laundry and other household cleaning tasks.
narcotics anonymous is for drug users.
prisons are for criminals
baby's do not drive cars
cameras take pictures they do not write
air conditioners are used when it is hot
a mother is female
going on vacation is relatively cheap and doesn't require millions of dollars
cars are designed for human use not the other way around
the fridge is not alive and does not have a brain.
people can't live on the moon.
a battery is put inside the phone
if you don't keep the coolant in your car, it will overheat
pork is a man made idea
physics exams are administered at school in a classroom.
television implies that "vision" is involved.
the cat is much bigger than the mouse
there are lots of female horses.
an apple is not absorbent enough to dry you off
the skyscrapers are in the sky.
water is made up of hydrogen and oxygen, but no helium.
only fruit can be bought from the fruit stall.
a sponge cannot be written on
people dont want to get hit by vehicles
the average man is unable to throw a lion.
pictures can be laid on the floor or hung on the wall according to physics.
one needs energy to work out at a gym.
bricks are made or hard materials.
dogs are generally not big enough for peope to ride on.
metals are not made of fibers.
a bus has many different uses for example public transportation, not just dropping off kids for school.
the police don't work in restaurants
a stone is so hard
rainbow cannot be of black color.
dogs are  unable to read letters
courtship traditionally comes before marriage
if the temperature is hot, putting on an insulating snowsuit would make one hotter.
i like to walk in leisure time
car cannot be driven by a wild animal.
you go to the tailor for clothes.
dirt is not food that we should eat
the world is filled with rock and metals and water, not nothing.
cottkn cannot be used to hit anyone
soccer is not necessary to keep a human alive.
tennis is not played with legs and there is no kicking in tennis.
the pillow is soft
summer in north america is too hot to wear parkas and hats.
an apple a day can not prevent death by all causes.
it would be uncomfortable to sit on an apple.
pills are shaped to make them easier to swallow.
most humans live without ever needing a water enema.
clouds are not dense enough to stand on.
only people with lots of fans become superstars
i washed the car with the hose.
reptiles can't fly because they don't have wings.
soup can be eaten with a spoon and not fork.
eggplants can't be used to contact people.
slides are toys for kids
because paint does not contain the water and ions that the plant needs
scientifically, purple is not a color because there is no beam of pure light that looks purple.
the school bus wouldn't fit through the door
the oven is much bigger than the table
a good house is built by skilled technicians
drinking seawater would make you very sick.
purple is not a naturally occuring color in canines.
all the school in the worlds as its own rule.it should be obeyed by every one.
the sun is a ball of fire which is white.
he got his nickname because he can run
scarecrows are not alive
refrigerators cool things
pressure cooker would not hold a giraffe and cannot be cooked.
you do not kill at a party
the boy would not be able to life or hit the dog with something as heavy as a mountain.
they are more focused on technology, not killing
people can't walk through walls.
a human is to large to be on a flower and do not eat on them.
a deerwould not fit through the window.
lamps cannot convert peanut butter for energy.
listening to water doesn't help being thirsty.
a reflection is incabable of seeing.
food is solid and can't be drunk
there is an ocean between florida and italy that cannot be traveled on foot.
one cannot put a ostrich in oven.
poison is generally lethal.
kitchen appliances will not work without electricity
helmet are commonly used while driving two wheelers
if she is kind,patient,gentle and calm, everybody will love her.
people who are hungry visit a restaurant
a rake is not for cleaning purpose
tvs are used to watch movies while books are used to read and write
reading books makes you smarter.
lava is so hot that anything that touches it will burn to ashes.
a garage is much bigger than a car
sausage is usually made of beef, pork, turkey, etc.. not stones.
amusement parks do not contain cemeteries, but amusement rides.
the ocean looks blue because it reflects the blue waves from the sun, not because of chemicals.
a one-month old baby cannot stand up.
uncooked meat is not usually edible for humans.
turquoise is a colour
every mammal is born with two paws.
if you drink the coffee with a plate, you pour it on the ground
you could die.
murder is not a happy event.
a fork is used for eating, not a toilet seat.
stones are from the earth not the sky
people do not take medicine to get taller, they take medicine to get better.
regular giraffes are too big to fit in a backpack.
while cats may watch tv, they are usually less interested in it because they don't understand human language.
policemen work in a police station.
males do not get pregnant.
a box doesn't need work
not everyone has the ability or equipment to play football
motor vehicles like a bus cannot fly only drive
music can convey all kinds of feelings,but usually not physical pain unless it is far to loud.
stars are not vegetables to be planted by persons.
food is to be eaten and cannot buy anything.
a shovel wouldn't reach.
vegetable oil would fry not stew spaghetti
horses need sleep.
monkeys generally do not like cages and therefore would not be their friends.
a giraffe is not something that is bought as a present.
coin money is made of iron.
you do not drive cars in the ocean.
people do not eat pest
rings, by definition, are circular in shape
the sky changes color depending on the position of the sun & the weather.
printer is not working with water
lasagna is cut into squares, but not shredded or diced.
forks are not typically used to draw with
it is impossible for a bone to bury a dog, but the opposite usually happens - a dog will bury its bone.
stars arent purchasable
water is not a dancing floor.
he isn't a law abiding citizen if he stole.
a law degree is not required to be a politician
i table does not have words on it.
a thief does not interact with cops
a car is too heavy and big for a dog to wear.
a thirsty man would need water, not chocolate.
cats cannot hold hockey sticks.
vegetarians don't eat meat.
rabbits are not capable of constructing structures above the ground.
men can eat meat as well as many other non meat foods in order to live but don't have to have meat only food.
rabbits can outrun stationary objects.
bread isn't sold in a jar
texas is a place and cannot have a personality trait.
cavities are mainly caused by foods that you eat and dental hygiene.
tigers dont hang around cars
locks are meant to be opened with keys.
a water bottle would not be able to form letters on a page.
bikes are made for biking
cats can't reach the knob.
a garbage can cannot be eaten
alcohol will poison cats and so people don't give cat's alcohol
nuggets are made from chicken.
submarine is capable of running through the water only.
a piano is played by humans
movies do not satisfy hunger
petrol is alcohol and is not a btreakfast drink
there are many ways to travel to new york
a spoon is not sharp enough or strong enough to chop down a tree.
hearing is different from listening
lunch time is for eating, not doing homework
planes are aircraft and can not be worn.
doves are white headed birds and are not bald eagles.
the trees will fall off of the roof.
doors are inanimate objects incapable of flight
it would take a very long time to dig a hole with a spoon
potato chips are made from potatoes, doritos are made from corn, both are good at a party.
the giraffe is too large and tall which makes it impossible to fit into a pan
bathroom cleaners are used to clean bathrooms.
supermarket is a building hence cannot be put into a bag
a tree requires soil and sunlight and space to grow which rooms do not have
french and latinos belongs to two different countries with two different languages
there are no pizzas sold on a fish market.
a business owned only by the founder is not a company.
a ship can float on water and it will not sink.
daily exercise keeps a man perfect.
typing a letter doesn't turn on the computer
clothes are was in machines and plates will break in washing machine
maraton is emotionally a positive experience
soda is a liquid and it doesn't evaporate soon.
a baby wouldnt be able to get on top.
people eat dinner at 8ppm and then they go to bed.
stones are inedible
dog is an animal not a human being
a thief is somebody who steals items, not buys them
a chair cannot play basketball; it's inanimate.
we cannot eat stones so stones cannot be put into the milkshake.
pillowcases are not edible.
one   cannot smash his nails.
being in a tired and sleepy state it's not the right state for running practices
sarampo can kill many persons
chocolate does not come in paper form
the train stopped at the station
cars do not have medical expertise.
unless painted, when grass grows it is green
you can't ride cheetahs because they are wild animals
one would not be able to concentrate in a noisy place.
rock bands play music don't turn into chickens
refridgerators keep things cold, not warm.
a brain is required for all thought
computers don't always cause blurry vision.
kilometers is a measure of distance, not weight.
birds can fly
one who commits suicide doesn't take help from anybody.
the king is the most important piece and cannot run
freezer is a part of the refrigerator
a car doesn't fit in a lunchbox
street lights are for keeping the streets bright at night.
people go to an office to work
aliens are said to be extraterrestrial beings.
a car wouldn't fit through the door.
the ant would need to be huge or the anteater would need to be microscopic in size.
the ocean is typically a quiet peacful place
there is no milk in the sea.
a car is to big for a grill.
water becomes ice when it is cold
fish don't have feet.
while sleeping we will close eyes but cannot attend lecture
because humans can't make babies with a robot.
smiles use to denote happiness.
no room to ride a can. butts are too big.
she listens to rap music because she loves it.
acids kill vegetables
clothing isn't sold in workshops.
wifi is made for as many people as possible at a time.
cars are too big to fit in a bathroom
you don't need a pillow in  the bathroom.
an eagle is a bird, not a fish.
one can feed the dog and not the dog can feed him.
dusk is when the sun sets, not rises.
grand canyon is too wide to jump over
cats are bigger and more vicious than rats.
there has not been a human to set foot on mars, making this unlikely.
you can't put an oven that runs on electricity in water because it won't work and you'd get electrocuted
steel frames are more resistant to weather.
the trombone cannot technically produce enough wind to be strong.
there are no cars that can run on water.
camels to not fit on table
a microwave is unable to wash clothes.
the paper has no resistance for the tanks
if you try to roll in the water with your ship, you're going to sink
you can purchase an airline ticket on a flight, but it is impossible to purchase a verb such as flight.
pens don't have amplifiers or speakers, so it's impossible to use it to listen to music.
pop singers don't run in the sky, clouds do.
you couldn't build a house from spaghetti.
bad blueberries will go in the fridge
smoking decreases a persons lifespan.
amy drinks water and not pee when she is tired.
photosynthesis is a biological process
people leave when the movie ends
apples cannot be pink
every living thing, has one life and is either dead or alive
people, not injuries are able to escape from the car after an accident.
apples are fruit that come from plants. they do not mate to have eggs
you can only die once therefore cannot practice it.
the woman got a receipt from the hardware store and not water fountain.
airconditioner we should on hot summer days
the rock is more dense than the water
the oven would melt the ice cream and ice cream is supposed to be frozen.
sharks are carnivours
carrot is a vegetable that is not physically suited to hold things.
camels are much bigger than our heads
chairs are for sitting not watching like a tv
a train would not fit in the bedroom.
plants go into pots, not the other way around.
unicorns are mythical creatures that signify goodness and innocence.
a shovel is too big to cut the grass
tiger cannot be put in the bag while walking.
a milkman should deliver milk
building is not madeup of cheese
cake is not liquid.
babies are not sold in stores.
tables don't have water
winter is cooler than summer
you are only free to use a toll road if you pay the toll.
fish have scales
trees do not have legs or the ability to walk.
food is editable.
life does not exist unless water is present.
you go to school to learn.
sheep are typically white
rich people don't need charity donations.
the oven would burn paper money if turned on.
you don't pay to work
coffee normally makes you hyper.
an airplane can't fit in a car.
lava is made from heated rock
electric cars do not use gas, so the price would not be relevant at all
ships glide on water
all cities and towns need electricity to function.
the case of a bottle is too large to fit in a hat
soda cannot be eaten but it has to be drunk.
toilets are not used for cooking food, kitchens are.
tigers are too big to fit in a cup.
mist people brush their teeth daily
there are no stop signs in the water
cookies can be flavoured with other things
bill would brake his face instead of his arm.
people don't cook during bedtime
you can listen to music on your phone.
loud noise is not allowed in a library.
video games are fun and not real life.
food and drinks are what belong in a fridge, the phone belongs on the table.
you can't find love through an emergency number.
a helmet is protection put over the head (which is the part of the human body)
piles of wood don't fit in a vacuum
dying is not caused by thoughts.
you could not find as much paint as you would need to paint the earth
lava is too hot to eat, and is not food anyway.
cafes serve food not dvd players
humans breath and air live on earth
a basketball is inanimate; it cannot play.
fans do not generate heat.
potatoes grow below the ground.
an a is not a tool it is a letter.
dresses are not made with newspaper
dogs are not able to drive cars
one  cannot score good by skipping all questions.
food has nothing to do with truth
the shower is too small for running
you cannot cool fire, only bank the flames or let them simmer.
you buy cars from a car dealership
rubber is not absorbent, and would not get water off a person, so it would be no use as a towel material.
animals do not drive cars.
arizona is a very hot place.
office buildings are not natural habitat for ducks
a patrol bunk is not a suitable location for an exam
a tomato is a vegetable
books are used for reading
a floor is solid
parks do not sell food.
gourmet restaurants are places where you are supposed to take your time.
money is a medium used to exchange for work.
square wheels have more friction than round ones.
a 12-inch pancake is too large to be eaten by a single average person, especially when followed by dinner.
basketballs are too big to put in a picture frame
addresses don't attract customer service.
bacons get cut up
boxes are cubes.
rabbits are herbivores.
poop is rejected waste from the body and it smells bad.
people do not generally sleep in the kitchen.
surgeons do not work on cars.
thunder comes after lightening.
the purpose of the dishwasher is to clean, not to cook or bake food.
a person can swim in the water only
no person would like to die every day
a cow is too big for one to eat it in one bite
boulders are very heavy.
a ceiling fan's function is to make things cooler so it is unlikely to spread light.
trees do not grow in antarctica.
machines never sleep
height is good for sports
the milky way galaxy is a part of the solar system the earth is part of.
rocks cannot be eaten
driving a car into the sky indicates that the car can fly which is not possible.
fire is used to cook food and not water.
farmers work or manage farms
bleach is an inanimate object.
the public library is a place for books.
a music shop sells musical instruments not animals.
the phone is an inanimate object
the moon is too far away to be eaten.
cakes require hot ovens to bake.
terrorists are not innocent people because they terrorize people.
a mother should be cooking food to help people stay alive, whereas poison would kill people
many people can't afford any cars, much less luxury ones.
eagles have wings and fly in the air. they don't swim under the sea.
water will become sticky.
monkeys are not carnivores.
a refrigerator is not a room and she would not be able to fir a television in it.
the workers should follow regulations not to implement
glasses help people to see either close up or at distances.
freezer is very cold
that is not a good present
drowning fills the lungs with water so there is no room for oxygen.
cars are driven all the time
sticks are required for playing hockey.
riding a horse must be in the open and not in the gym.
lions kill antelopes
a can cannot physically fit in a desk draw.
crosswalks cross over streets
there are several reasons besides earnings that compel people to do business.
a desk is not edible.
wood is a natural product
working in a gym helps people lose weight.
the bear would see the human as a threat to the safety of her cubs
typically peopled don't eat fingers as thats cannabilism
it is fun to ride bikes for some people
a rabbit is very small
a dishwasher would not be able to wash a quilt
i brought a frisbee to play in the garden.
pvc pipe is plastic and does not splint.
the garage can't be parked.
it wouldnt be a rose without petals
cats cannot be put away in one enclosed space.
money isn't stored in a dustbin.
turtle is slow it cannot run fast
patrol is usually not available in bank.
usually when it is raining the sky is cloudy and there is not much sun.
cars cannot travel in the ocean because they aren't buoyant and would sink
bread is an inanimate thing that doesn't eat anything.
it was late so she hurried up.
math knowledge has nothing to do with writing skills.
radiation at a certain level is not safe.
cotton is too light
a car cannot fit into a can.
rabbits cannot swim
a refrigerator keeps things cold
you get gas at the gas station.
a mouse is not used for typing, a keyboard is.
deer do not fly, they jump and run.
the house is stationary on the lot and cannot be moved or fit in the garage.
during sleep, the body moves little if at all
the car is too large for the bag.
you can't take a shower at a dresser.
birds can't swim under water, they fly.
soap would taste bad.
cereal can be eaten any time of day.
normal people do not step in front of oncoming traffic
light bulbs use electricity and can't generate it.
a can opener cannot be opened.
hen's don't moo,cows do.
australia is a continent
the internet does not provide a place to perform actions with tangible objects.
the sun keeps the earth warm.
concrete is too hard for a dog too dig through
doors can only be opened with keys
pans have no nutritional value.
there is an ocean in the way
a fire truck is too heavy for a boy to pick up
piano does not need oil.
a car is big enough not to fit into a box
you can't swim on a track field.
a match would be used to start a fire, not the other way around.
a man cannot fit in a cat cage
water is non-living, no one can kill water.
the sun, not the moon, is visible at 11:30 am
hospital is not meant for praying god.
people don't eat planks of wood
a plane would not fit in a normal house
people will be injured if cars sit on them.
a tank is useless, cumbersome, destructive and would land the driver in jail.
cars only go forward or reverse.
clothes are not build inside the womb of a mother
 a person does not go to jail for saving money
elephants are too large for a motorcycle and would not know how to operate one.
evolution has been verified by many science institutions
skates are used for sports, not funeral.
giraffe is to big to enter microwave.
books belong in a library, not a swimming pool.
a flower does not have nostrils to smell
rabbits do not howl, dogs do.
gold is worth a lot of money and would not be knowingly thrown away.
students need books to study and not flowers and plants.
tigers are too large to be put into a basket.
trains are very heavy.
hurricanes do not have coasts
it's impossible to physically go inside a computer
there is no hair to brush
not every person has cancer.
a normal wall does not cast a reflection.
dinosaurs are extinct and have nothing to do with dessert.
shovel is a tool with a broad blade used mainly for the purpose of digging
the eel is a fish in the  river which cannot capsized
unless the supermarket is in a different country, a person wouldn't need a plane to visit it
radios do not have shows that you can watch.
rotten food doesn't smell good
dogs are mammals and do not ley eggs
sugar is made from sugarcane . salt is made from seawater
women wears blouses
tree arent known for spitting
water is extracted from rivers and aquifers.
the heart-rate increasing would mean someone is alive.
a tiger does not eat straw.
pigs don't conventionally deliver items
something you find in the street is cars.
a heater produces heat, hence the name, and would not be used when a person is already hot.
pens are filled with ink.
if you smell bad that means there are some bacteria growing and shower curbs its growth.
food rots too quickly to make a car from it.
skin is not completely see through.
earthquakes kill people
typing with your head is inaccurate and silly
flowers need sunlight to grow
you can raise a cat or a dog at home, but a horse is too big.
automotive magazines do not provide information on beauty or skin care
it is socially frowned upon to smoke weed at work so maria would be fired
it is not possible to do work while asleep.
dogs cannot follow all the rules
fish can't live outside of water, and would not be able to play with a boy in a backyard.
a giraffe is much larger than a cooking pan.
a person would die if they didn't eat for a year
hash browns are eaten at breakfast and they are made if potatoes.
the sun sets in the evening
socks are the wrong shape for hands
eagles don't eat lions they are too big.
a library does not sell dresses.
a  man can turn the fan on but a fan cannot turn the man on.
you cant work on the computer if there is a deask on it.
clothes would not usually be washed with a ball considering it doesn't have cleaning properties.
humans will die in space without protection.
a millionaire can afford to get rid of their rubbish.
data can be find in a cd
seagulls have only two feet
a judge governs a court, but a president governs a nation.
cocks are a part of a body and they can't swim
there are not birds in action movies.
doctors are for treating patients and to gave appropriate medicines for health problems .card games  are usually played in clubs not in hospitals
a toast would be an inappropriate way to mourn.
the freezer keeps ice cream frozen
it's grammatically incorrect and there it is impossible to know if the hair is theirs or not.
a fridge can not accommodate the size of rhinoceros
when you want to move fast, you run.
people typically leave a will for their children
there are many colors of apples.
summers are hot, icecream is cold and everyone needs a refreshment.
cars drive on roadways
i'm on a boat and he doesn't sit on me
when you want to boil water, you switch the stove on.
dolls are not alive.
just because that is one of its uses does not mean that is its only use.
water hydrates your body, making you hydrated
rocks don't eat.
plants are put in field
a dog does not need any money.
a hippo would be too large to fit through the door.
once you cut off a finger it does not go back on so that you can repeat the action.
pants are washed in washing machines.
i want to go swimming in the bahamas
a car cannot be romanced because it doesn't have feelings.
mammals are warm blooded whereas tuna are not.
fencing is  a dangerous sport.
the table is an inanimate object, thus it cannot eat.
there has to be at least one baseball to have a baseball game.
a bone does not have a stomach.
people hate dishonesty
a horse does not belong in a gym.
if you have fever, your body temperature increases.
spiders would drown in the ocean
paint does not require batteries.
chicken  cannot cook food, it is cooked.
you would put a tv on a table.
tractors are machine, they do not need to go to school
squirrels don't eat dogs.
most cartoons do not depict reality.
birds do not wear clothing.
vegetables don't eat.
it would be damaging and unsafe to box in a coffee shop.
cars must have tires in order to move - these are the things the car balances on and allows it to move
grass is usually green or yellow
if the future is already decided then joe cannot choose.
jimmy hadn't eaten anything before standing watch therefore he couldn't be feeling full from the food he ate.
churches do not offer pedicures.
boats to not have wheels for driving.
a car is too big and heavy to be on a bookshelf
one  can drive to work on a car or bike and not piano.
mostly everyone has more than just 3 fingers on one hand.
deers don't live in deserts
it is unlikely for a person to make a juice glass.
open space doesn't have air to breathe
he  can swim so he dosen't use swimming ring.
a million is a ridiculous amount of people for one competition.
beans are not a major source of carbohydrates.
jellyfish are aquatic animals and live in the ocean.
feathers are soft.
humans need to eat breakfast
a giraffe is bigger than a dog.
water is not alcoholic and can't make you drunk
pianos are too big for a marching band
that would seriously injure your legs
an strong acid solution would burn your hand upon contact.
microwaving is done to heat up food, therefore there is no reason to microwave an empty bowl
hurricanes are major storms that cause a lot of destruction.
a cruet typically contains a food seasoning of some sort.
hotels do not sell at grocery stores.
they will fall apart in the dishwasher
the garden is already watered due to rain.
an elephant wouldn't fit in a mousetrap.
a mailbox is for mail
light doesn't produce air
frozen water is never angry!
dry wood is flammable
bicycle will plunge into water.
egg cannot be eaten before peeling it.
a pig cannot live in a cold refrigerator.
walking burns calories so you don't have too many, which is what would make you fat.
garage is not meant for hippopotamus.
people don't live to be 300 years old.
building is immovable.
glass is not edible it would cut the mouth and digestive system
there is no drug that creates clones currently.
because humans don't eat boulders.
pinnacle is not a suitable description for a job
one  can view art in the art gallery and cannot play drums there.
laughing while crying doesn't make sense as they are contradicting emotional behaviours.
a dog only has one nose
he microwave melts the ice cream
she can't jump such big distance.
all oranges are round
if a barber were to trim his lips with scissors he would be cutting his body, which would be painful
a match is not used for putting out fire
the ocean can't be climbed
the bull is much bigger than the fridge
diamonds are too small to use a chainsaw on
a mitt  will not fit inside a baseball
the desert has no water
cars require air filled, rubberized tires.
an award is given to an individual, not a competition.
a table like that would melt.
gasoline is poisonous to drink
surfing requires water
monkeys prefer bananas to insects.
water is something thats incohesive.
carrots do not contain cafeine and would make poor coffee
tourist places always have people there
you can't cook anything at the park.
concert is for music and not lectures.
the word pretty is mainly used as a word to descibe the beauty of a girl or object.
ice cannot catch fire
a doctor should prescribe medicines to the patients and not poison.
eating is not exercise.
eating paint is actually bad.
you can't eat a building.
vehicles have more horsepower than humans.
only women menstruate
sand is a granular material composed of finely divided roch and mineral particle.
a train is too large to fit into a garage.
one would drown if they slept in a pool.
motor oil should not be consumed as a beverage.
the temperature at north pole is not suitable for elephants to live.
i go to the grocery store every week to buy food
an oven provides heat so its too hot for anything to freeze in it
an oreo is a cookie and not able to throw anything.
spaceships don't exist.
the moon live in space
the car is not a light weight object
you need to fly in a plane to travel 800 miles
food stores only sell food, not pets.
a home is not something you submit
yellow pages contain phone numbers, not red pages.
carpenter works with wood to make furniture.
the summer is too hot for snow
nausea is a bad feeling
donkeys are animals and it is not possible to run on one.
nba stands for national basketball association.
fish swim in water and do not have the capability of running or being on land.
fungus grow in wet, moist places.
trees require ground to grow
water has no letters in it so it would be impossible to read.
meals looses it's temperature when leaving it out.
trees cannot move freely.
fans cannot jump
the dress is made of cotton and not music.
a vacuum is not an instrument or a toy that can be played.
dinosaurs are not living now, but are fossils only.
a cupboard is too small for a family to watch a movie from.
television can't be played in the tub.
my brother eats strawberries after dinner every day and not toys.
litter boxes aren't used for lions
if you put dirt on a wound, you are likely to make it infected.
it is not safe to drink and drive.
the dryer is unable to clean clothes.
the business district is strictly for business.
oranges don't contain mozzarella.
public transport is intended for people
you should not kill people
heat is produced by the television that is powered by electricity.
octopuses come from the sea, not the library
buildings not like people and don't have a willing.
"eauil"ateral stands for equal sides.
one hour of sleep a day is not adequate.
forever is a long time for humans.
stones are not edible.
when it is hot, you would turn on the air conditioner.
metal rods are too rigid to eat.
ingesting dangerous chemicals can be lethal.
videocassette tape can only be used to record video.
bunnies are herbivores do not hunt or eat other animals
to see the table you need to see
blue is not the right color for a man
mobile phone is not sold in computer store.
10 is after 9
table would fall over if balanced on a ball
spiders have 8 legs
a kind does not have to have a wife
trains do not stop in bars.
a rubber chicken is not edible
 leaves cannot turn blue.
chinas currency is not the dollar.
a tree does not have eyes
fire is not something you can paint on
food are not sold in shoe store.
planes are much faster than trains and are therefore more expensive
a chair is too big to fit inside a desk
a scarf is worn around the neck.
a dog is not intelligent like a human being
money is not dangerous.
it would take far longer to walk across the country.
dishwasher is for washing dishes
there are some items excluded from taxation for poor people, so not everything is not taxable.
fire is used for cooking and heating.
lifting spirits is a mental gain
a dog does not have the physical capacity to lift a house, it has paws and not hands.
medicine is used for making people better after being sick. it would not make sense to entertain.
lions do not bark, that is a term used for dogs.
buses use a lot of fuel, and have regulated routes, so they would not stay in one place and idle for an hour.
spoons are too small to be effective tools for miners.
bed can never be inside a dog.
the coffin wheels downstairs because was dropped by mistake
the temperature can't be emotional.
nachos are not made out of fruit.
dogs are born on earth, not fallen from skies.
dinosaur is too big to be put in a fridge.
the cleaner is in charge of cleaning.
